This week, the ebb and flow of game teases reaches new highs as release ads for No Man's Sky make their way to game stores only to have the release postponed and stainless modified. This, a special guest and plenty more news begins right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight on May the 29th of 2016 with episode number 643 of our show.
We are that show, of course, about all things video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California. Hot Sacramento, California.
With myself, Rob Roberts, and the one laughing, cackling wickedly over there, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
We may be live, but I'm dead inside.
Does the heat make you dead inside? Did it evaporate your soul?
Soul?
Oh, I forgot. You don't have one of those.
No, my soul is fueled by coffee. And now I can't have coffee that much anymore.
This is a tragedy.
A tragedy and a travesty. It's a sin against me.
It's a tragivesty.
That sounds like... Nevermind, I was going somewhere.
We need to traverse the tragivesty that is you not being able to drink coffee. So doctor's orders, you have to quit coffee for like a couple weeks? Couple months?
I ease off the caffeine in the first week, so I'm drinking decaf coffee for the first week. The next week starts easing out my coffee, so I've already got this cocoa drink replacement.
Contrary to popular belief, chocolate does not have caffeine. I believe the chemical in it is theobromine, which produces a caffeine-like effect without the various other upsets that caffeine can cause.
Which is why you get a semi-euphoric effect from good chocolate. The stronger the chocolate, the stronger the effect.
I see.
Note to self, when playing Overwatch, have chocolate.
I also have raw cacao nibs to mix in my smoothies and stuff. I'm working through it right now, it's the headaches that are the worst.
Although I was at work on Friday and I was like, hi, what can I do for you? I'm sorry, you're having problems. I'm having problems too!
Alright, well, also having problems here in studio. Say hello to Techmaster Loki!
Hello.
Hello. You got 99 problems, but a lack of breadsticks ain't one I can see over there.
No, lack of breadsticks is not... Lack of air conditioning, however...
I'm trying! I have the air conditioning down in the fan oven.
No, I'm talking about my house. I don't have air conditioning right now.
What?!
Yeah, because our air conditioning is broken. We're getting it replaced, but we don't have it yet.
Oh, and I bet your kids are just... I bet they don't complain whatsoever.
Nope, of course not.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, just so you guys know, we're starting to get into that infamous Sacramento summer, and it's... Is it what, 90 degrees here today?
That's not even the worst of it. 90 degrees today, which isn't even that bad. I'm sure there's a lot of people sitting out there...
Oh, it'll be 107 I think tomorrow.
Yeah, people in Phoenix are probably sitting there going, God, you babies. But, I mean, this isn't the worst of it. This is just the beginning.
Yeah.
So, here we go. Anyway, you guys in our chat, of course, every week, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
www.vognetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening to us live, you should join us in our chat room.
Live.vognetwork.com, where SSG100Matt points out, it's been 90 most of the week in New York.
Oh, God, because it's all...
And it's humid there.
It's humid there. So, yeah, I guess we're not going to get any sympathy from our East Coast friends this week.
Well, actually, there's a good way to find out if we'll get sympathy or not because we have a guest here in studio who's come to visit our fair show all the way from New York.
And I'm very excited to have him here because he's been a long-time supporter of the show.
Those of you that have listened for a while are going to know who this is right off the bat.
And he's literally made our dreams come true in so many ways. And he's here to join us in studio tonight.
Say hello everybody to developer YYR is here.
Wait, what? I'm still stuck on vaginesty.
It's like a 40-year vaginesty reaches back to the Queen Elizabeth era or something.
That's what happens when the Amazons take over.
Oh, okay. I get it now.
Yes, I'm here from New York.
Yeah, so is it hot here compared to New York?
Well, you know what? It was pretty cool in New York actually up until about the time we left.
We've been here almost a week now.
And so we went from like 60 or so degree weather in New York to 60 or so degree weather in San Francisco.
So for me, there was like no change at all.
So to know that it's been like 90 in New York is it's like, what are we going home to?
You're kind of you're kind of glad that you're here right now, right?
Well, with the 90 degrees being the exception.
Yes. Yes. I am very happy to be here.
And you're you're actually here on the West Coast because you just got married and you're here.
Is this like your honeymoon or your you have to visit the other side of the family?
Well, actually, Amy's niece graduated middle school this past week and we needed to be there for that anyway.
So we decided, well, you know what, why not just make a week long trip out of it?
So we did. There you go.
We'll probably take our real honeymoon later in the year when we actually have some vacation time again.
Nice. Because this basically just bottomed us all out.
And I do I do want to acknowledge your lovely new wife. Amy is joining us here in studio.
But I know she's not as much of a gamer, although she what is she doing on her phone right now?
She's probably playing a game. So she sits there and goes, I'm not a gamer.
She's playing threes or something over there on her phone.
So, you know, like just just because you don't play like Doom or Overwatch or that doesn't mean you're not a gamer.
So I'm just this one is called Word Whistle. Her niece showed it to us.
And yeah, it's just this, you know, it gives you blanks and a number of words.
And you have to come up and it gives you a category and you have to come up with the words.
It's actually pretty clever of one of many free to play games on the phone.
So, yeah, check it out if you like word games and things.
All right. I will get right on that.
But we we got to check out the games you make because some folks in chat are like, wait a minute, I know this game.
Black Wolf, Bobby Black Wolf, our pal in chat, reminding one of our listeners that YYR made pixel shits.
That was that was you. So you you have actually developed your own video games.
What was the first one you ever published? You did Snake 360, right?
That's right. And back in 2008, someone you may know as SSJ 100 Matt said to me, you know, I know these guys.
They're pretty cool. They do a video game podcast.
They probably would interview you if you want. Just go ahead, give them a buzz.
And so, well, I did.
Who the hell is he to name drop us like that and not go through my agent?
I'm just kidding. Yeah. And so that that started this whole deal that we have.
And yeah. And I was grateful to you guys for interviewing me back in the day.
And well, thank you for helping spread the word about my silly little arcade style games.
Well, and it was it wasn't just the fact that, you know, you had the the friend tie in because SSJ 100 Matt's been a longtime supporter of the show, though that helps.
I mean, let's be real. But you are also a longtime fan of music games and music based video games.
Yes. You were a DDR freak poster back in the day, right?
I was. I think I had like 2000 posts before they shut down.
Oh, my God. That's probably more than I had. I don't even think I ever hit in the four digits. That's crazy.
So you and you actually had music from Kyle Ward, who was on this show probably about a year ago at this point,
who did who now does the rerave and has this other the ditto beat in those games.
So you actually had his songs in your game. Yeah. For all that happened.
Yeah. Yeah. And actually, it's going to happen again.
I'm getting close to releasing Snake Party, which is going to be my last.
I'm sorry. Snake Party sounds a little something. Something.
Something I'm something I might rent at the adult video store.
It's like making a video game called Sausage Fest. Like, you know what?
I can call it Snake Party, a.k.a. Sausage Fest on the Web site.
They have a movie coming out called Sausage Parties.
But yeah, it's basically the the evolution of Snake 360 multiplayer,
plus a whole bunch of single player missions thrown in for good measure and a couple other bonus modes,
including one secret unlockable mode, which I could mention here if people want.
But yeah, it's that's also going to have the Kyle Ward music in it.
And he's really cool because, you know, if you're an indie developer and you have zero budget or close,
you find somebody who says, oh, I'll let you put my music in the game if you give me a percentage of your money.
And then you don't have to lay out anything. Yeah. So he was really cool.
He said that would be OK with him. And there it is.
A lot of a lot of indie gamers have to remember there's a lot of indie artists that can probably team up with you.
And you guys can find an agreement that works with you guys. So that's the best way, really.
Now, you were showing Snake Party. I'm sorry. I love the name.
Yes, I was showing Snake Party with my pants up.
As much as we're laughing at it here in studio, like, you know, the game itself is like I thought, you know,
I remember the cell phone game Snake and thought it was a lot of fun.
And so when Snake 360 happened, I was like, oh, this is this is funny, like in a good way.
And then when I see the Snake Party, I was like, OK, this is one of those things where, like, when you tell people,
oh, it's a multiplayer of the cell phone game Snake, I'm sure there's a lot of people that kind of roll their eyes.
But if you actually play it, it's really fun.
Really, the hardest thing is to get people to try it. Yeah.
They walk past, they see it's Snake. A lot of people just keep walking.
But those people that do try the game seem to have a really good time with it. So I'm hoping they check it out.
I'm sure WarioWare looks ridiculous the first time you see it, too.
But like once you play it.
You don't even know what you're looking at.
Yeah, it's like, oh, my God, this game is so much fun.
But the other thing you were showing at MAGFest this year, which is super notable, we talked about the saga a little bit on the show.
So I don't want to rehash it completely, but we've got to talk about the success you've really had in in large part because of demoing at MAGFest with multitasking.
Tell us a little bit about multitasking.
So multitasking is, as you may remember, a game that challenges you to play up to four minigames at the same time, starting from one, but gradually building up.
The minigames each have you doing one single task, such as pong, hit the ball back, dodge the falling weights, you know, just avoid the other cars you're driving.
Just one task, one task at a time.
But when they start asking you to do two, three or four of them at a time and things start speeding up, it's not so easy anymore.
Yeah, it's it's kind of like like the best way I could describe it is it's like imagine you're playing WarioWare, but you're playing four copies of it all at once.
And that's I mean, it sounds ridiculous, but it is so fun and it's it's really addicting.
And I remember and this is probably about a good year and a half ago at this time.
Now on the show, you called us, you were telling us about this idea.
And I remember telling you, Aaron, this is a genius idea.
And if you don't make it, I will steal it.
And so and I remember Bobby saying in chat, yes, I am looking to do it.
I am reverse engineering this right now.
And sure enough, here we are. You're at Magfest.
You demo the game. You had a great response right at Magfest.
I did.
Everyone who tried it really those people that didn't just like stumble away and confusion.
Right. Really seem to like it. We had people coming back all weekend, you know, again and again to try it.
And you made it a point and I'm sure Amy, when she was helping, you made it a point to tell everybody as they were leaving, hey, you like this game, go vote for it on Steam Greenlight because we want to see it happen.
Right. And they did. And they did. That's the surprising part.
And what happened a month after you got home?
It passed.
It was not even 30 days.
And I was talking to other developers at Magfest and they were saying, oh, well, this game took a long time, but it finally got through Greenlight.
I was on Greenlight for 12 months, 18 months.
I don't know how the heck I managed to get multitasking through in 30 days.
I really don't.
Because it's a genius concept and here's the part of the show where I'm going to do the I told you so dance.
I told you so.
He's really dancing, by the way.
You can't see it if you're not here, but he is really dancing.
Aren't you glad you came out here for the radio show so you could see the dancing that happens that they can't see?
It was absolutely worth the trip.
Also, Amy Droven, not me.
Well, congratulations. And I can't wait.
Now, are we talking like a Mighty No. 9 release schedule here or when do we actually get to play multitasking?
First of all, I'm not setting a release date for the Steam version until I have one.
Smart.
A concrete, actual release date.
Soon.
And I can also tell you that we're not going to delay it due to online multiplayer features because there won't be any online multiplayer features.
So at least we don't have that.
What we will have in the Steam version is a version of the game that will allow you to play with a controller and also hopefully with not just an Xbox 360 controller but with some others as well.
It'll also be able to be played with a keyboard if you don't have a controller handy.
We worked on a control scheme that pretty much works and is intuitive.
So just because you don't have a controller doesn't mean you won't be able to enjoy the game.
Please do test with a Steam Box, though, because I plan to put that on my TV through a Steam Box.
That made you think, didn't I?
You know what? I don't know if it'll work outside of Windows.
Steam Box is...
Oh, it's just broadcasting what's on your computer over to the TV. It should be fine.
I don't know how well this game will work broadcasting, but hey, you know what? I'll do my best.
You'd be surprised. A lot of the response times and everything like that.
I played Cavern of the Necrodancer. I've played that on the Steam Box and it's fine.
Oh, cool. Alright, yeah, as long as the response time is good, you should have a good experience in theory.
But yeah, I'm trying for extra controller support and also there'll be, I believe, five or six new minigames that weren't in the original.
It'll be kind of like point blank in the fact where you can choose the original set of like 13 games or the expanded set of 19 games if you want the extra challenge.
Nice. I'm so happy for you that that is happening.
Thank you.
Good luck and we will promote the shit out of it when it finally releases eventually.
And by the way, the Steam version will probably be called Super Multitasking.
Okay, so because multitasking was too generic.
Actually, somebody in the comments section on Greenlight pointed out, you know, you need something else besides the word multitasking because if you Google just the word multitasking, you're not going to find your game.
So super multitasking hopefully is a little bit more unique.
Maybe super multitasking 5000 because you're going to have 5000 minigames in this.
And this is someone I'm just kidding.
That's a lofty goal.
You do want to play this game sometime during my lifetime.
Yes.
I will say that with Steam Box, there are some latency issues for some people.
Really?
Which is why we returned ours, remember?
That's true. You know what, maybe I don't know. Ours is completely wired. Our box is wired.
We did wireless.
Interesting. Okay, that could be part of it.
But you should have seen the lag on DuckTales.
Okay, so yeah, your your mileage may vary.
But I think I think I will have good luck playing on the television.
I do want to say really quick, though, before we get into our gaming weeks and news and all that stuff.
I want to quickly talk about because one reason we love you so much, Aaron, is that you have made our dreams come true.
We have a long running gag on this show about our dream games, things that we have said on air that were, you know, inside jokes or whatever that we said, no, this should this should really be a game.
And I guess one of these ideas actually inspired you years ago to make a game called Bungie Ferret Tossing.
Yep.
That is still available on Xbox 360 for another year and a half, right?
Yeah, about that. A year from September is when they take them all down.
Yeah, and that's Microsoft's decision, not yours.
That's correct.
But you were telling me a little bit on the ride over here from our lovely Chipotle dinner.
You were telling me about the kind of like what that's evolving to.
Can you can you kind of tell our listeners a little bit about what the because, you know, it sounded like at first that all you guys that were developing for XNA were just going to get the finger, basically.
But that really doesn't seem to be the case now, right?
There really is a future for XNA projects.
It's it's surprising.
But yeah, back in I believe it was either late February or early March, Microsoft announced at a build conference, which I believe is halfway across the world somewhere.
Basically, they announced that they were making the Xamarin tools free to all developers.
They had purchased the company and they made all their tools free.
And what that is is basically these are libraries that you can run on top of Visual Studio that allow you to create things for iOS and Android in C Sharp.
Now, this is notable for XNA developers because MonoGame, a free and open source replacement for XNA, runs on the same framework.
So I literally, not counting the like two or so hours it took to install all the crap, in about one hour I had a project that was an XNA game running on my phone, my Android phone.
And yeah, so I mean, basically, I don't need to reinvent the wheel if I want to take these games and put them on mobile platforms.
I can just go ahead and click a few buttons.
And then, of course, tailor things for either Google Play Games or Game Center or what have you.
And there I have a mobile version of whatever my game was.
That's awesome that they're leaving the door open to make it so easily portable.
So that's great.
So hopefully a mobile version or something, a bungee fair tossing in the future to live forever.
It would be difficult considering the control scheme to reproduce that on a phone.
I guess that's true.
But I can tell you on my website I posted something.
I have created an initiative called No Game Left Behind.
Clever.
Basically, by the time Microsoft brings the XBL-IG store offline a year from September, I intend to have all of my games available for sale in other places.
And what probably will happen with bungee fair tossing is it will be for sale on itch.io, which is a nice little site where indies can post their games for any price, DRM free.
They provide a storefront.
They provide, you know, pretty pages and the ability to accept payments.
We really don't give that site enough love here on the show considering how much they do for the indie community.
So definitely check that out.
Itch.
I always say itch.io, but it's itch.io.
It sounds like itch.io.
Itch.io, yeah.
Yeah, so look forward to that.
You may or may not need an Xbox 360 controller to play it.
I think I have a mouse and keyboard control scheme that I came up with at some point written down somewhere.
So I'm thinking mouse and keyboard controls if you don't have a controller.
And you will be able to play it on your PC.
Windows PC, I should say.
Sorry, Jamie.
For a dollar.
I'm getting the death stare right now.
You know what?
I have a PC still.
Oh, okay.
How else would I play Dragon Age?
I'm not boot camping this thing.
She'll find a way.
There's a will.
There's a way.
She'll find it.
Also, I found out Danganronpa is on Steam for Mac as well, and that makes me happy.
I did not know that.
That's a surprise.
Both of them are.
Cool.
Actually, a lot of the games that I play through Steam are available on Mac these days.
SSG100Matt wants to know about multitasking.
Will there be a Bobby Black Wolf Friends Forever mode?
The minigame and the multitasking difficulties are actually independently adjustable.
So you can go ahead and make the multitasking easier and the minigames harder or vice versa.
Actually, I think it's really entertaining to put the multitasking difficulty on maximum
and the minigame difficulty on minimum so that you have to do four things at once,
but they're really easy, at least at first.
Okay.
Very cool.
One other question from SSG100Matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100 wants to know, could there be a YYR classic games collection on Steam with all your old games?
Snake, Snake 360, Card Arcade, so on.
There are no plans for that at this time, but honestly, I feel like if there was a demand for it,
I would be able to get a collection like that ready.
And if there's a demand, I mean, if I have a successful game and people are like,
YYR games, I actually know who that is.
Okay. So if multitasking sells shitloads, then we'll be in a good spot.
I think so.
Speaking of shit, what is the current status of Pixel Poops?
I know this was your Vita game that was free online, the Pixel shits,
and that was another like 2600 homage, but hilarious.
Hilarious in concept.
I mean, just, you know, again, if you don't know this game,
and then you actually released it for the Vita for a very short period of time,
because the Vita then pulled that stuff, like not even a month, right?
So for those who didn't know, basically the idea was you had these joggers that were running through the park,
and your goal was to poop on them.
Just don't ask. That was the game.
You have to poop in front of them.
Yeah, you have to poop. Anyway.
But the genius, the genius thing that made this into a game was that your poop is finite.
And to refill, you have to go to the, it's Taco Bell, but he called it something else.
I call it the taco restaurant.
The taco restaurant that's in the upper right hand corner, and that's how you refill the poop meter.
And when I heard that, I was like, God damn, this guy is brilliant.
Like, he'll think of that one thing that just makes the entire fucking game, and there it is.
And then you sold that on Vita, but unfortunately it's gone.
If you don't have it, too bad.
Is that part of no game left behind?
It is. Although, actually, if you go to yyrgames.com right now,
you will actually be able to play Pixel Poops on there right now if you are doing it from a macro Windows PC.
Nice.
There are leaderboards. They're not very populated, so please come play.
And as far as the mobile versions-
Please come poop.
Yes, please come poop.
I feel like there's a nincompoop joke here somewhere.
Yes, as far as the mobile version, right now multitasking is my priority,
but my plan is still hopefully to get this out sometime within a year's time.
A mobile version where you'll be able to go ahead and select different characters like a dog,
a monkey who flings his poop, you know, things like that.
And also you'll be able to eat different foods to change your color of your poop.
And also maybe the consistency-
You need to have asparagus mode.
Yes.
Because asparagus turns poop green.
Corn on the cob. Blueberries.
That would be like speckled poo.
All right, anyway. Oh my god, I'm dying. This is so disgusting.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I have it on Vita.
You and about 12 other OLR listeners have it on Vita.
And by the way-
You and about 12 other people have a Vita.
Oh, stop it.
And by the way, I do want to shout out to those of you who sent me happy wedding wishes last week over Twitter.
Thank you. There were several OLR listeners that did that.
Well, big congratulations to you.
Thank you.
It's kind of a big deal.
Some of us forget to check our Twitter.
That's okay. That's all right.
Anyway, YYR, I'm so happy to have you here and to talk about video games with us this week.
Anything else you want to plug real quick while you're here?
Make sure we get out all the stuff where people can follow you and the games you make and keep tabs on multitasking?
Yeah. I mean, I always post my up-to-the-minute news at my website, yyrgames.com, which sadly will not become yyr.game.
Or are we getting to that later?
We'll talk about that a little later in the show.
All right.
Yes.
The promo a few weeks ago was hilarious, though. And no, I did not pay for it.
We'll talk about why in just a little bit here in the show.
But before we get to the news, we're going to talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
It's a segment called How Was Your Gaming Week? And we're going to start with Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week?
It was actually busier than expected.
I quit Final Fantasy 14 because no one was ever on and played World of Warcraft just to find out that no one is ever on.
Thanks, Overwatch.
But I've actually had a pretty decent time playing it because there have actually been quests to do, you know, that didn't require me to have 50,000 other people in the dungeon with me.
I also played some Dragon Age Inquisition again to basically with that whole migration of my games to the new drive, I've had to test them all.
So I played a decent amount of Inquisition.
I love that game.
Pretty people in it.
Anyway, also, I actually have kind of ignored Danganronpa 2, except for Magical Girl Usami mode, which is pretty fun because you just basically go around drawing circles around your enemies and then gathering power ups and then you have to fight like this big mecha spider thing.
No, not like a mecha spider thing. It's actually you have to fight like one of these different beasts that are in the game blocking the different island exits to the other islands in Danganronpa 2.
And it's been pretty fun. It's kind of been like, except it's really freaking hard to do on a keyboard, so I have to go find my controller.
Um, so what else did I do? I'm still having Streetpassed YYR here and that sucks.
And, um, oh yeah. Here was Dragon Age. Ingress now that I'm level 8.
Grads. Attic.
Thanks, Rob.
Hi, Pot. This is Kettle. Guess what color you are? Here's a mirror.
I've also been playing the How Much Can I Get Away With Spending at Sephora game.
How much have you gotten away with so far?
I've made it out of Sephora with an $85 purchase.
That's impressive.
I bought, well, granted it wasn't all makeup. Okay, girly tangent for a moment.
Lord.
For my birthday.
Pay break, everybody.
Bitch.
For my birthday, they give out like a special gift if you're signed up for whatever their club thing is.
So I got this cleanser and it felt so good and it made my face feel like a 12 year old boy's butt.
Or like a baby's butt or something. I don't know. It was smooth.
How would you know what a 12 year old-
I have brothers.
I've punched them before.
Awkward conversation. Never mind. I'm sorry I asked.
I've punched them before and pushed them out of trees.
Fair enough.
And shot them with arrows. They were a nerf.
So anyway, I ended up buying like a big thing of it and some Anastasia Beverly Hills.
Which I would have never discovered if not for Drag Race. So thank you, queens.
I think we're about three months away from a full-on intervention with Dark Sakura and-
No, no, no, no. Wait until gamer X.
Alright. Oh, is it on at gamer X?
You already know what I'm doing at gamer X.
I do. I do.
I've got a toolbox full of makeup now and glue and prosthetic aid and spirit gum and you name it.
And I'm bringing it.
Plus I've made the shade fan now.
An 18 karat gold leaf. Bam.
Alright, clearly we've distanced ourselves from video games on that one.
So let's talk with Loki about how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole lot this week. Mainly just, well, I played Ingress because I have to keep that going.
And then I played a bit of Pokemon Go and that was it.
Are you really supposed to be saying that you've played that? I don't think you're supposed to tell me.
Who gives a shit? You know, whatever.
I really don't fucking care. I mean, so what?
Oh no. I'm not posting screenshots or anything, so it doesn't matter.
Not that it really matters if you've seen screenshots or not because there's not much to show right now.
Which, by the way, is I think the reason why not a ton of ton of people are in the beta is that they're really testing, I think, a lot of mechanics.
But there's no game, you know, from what I understand.
So there's not a lot of like...
There's not much to it right now.
It's not like Ingress where you link and field and get points and there's leaderboards.
Like, none of that is... You can catch Pokemon and that's it.
There's leveling, but I have no fucking clue what the leveling does.
You can catch Pokemon. They have it where you kind of have to flick the Pokemon ball up like you're actually throwing it.
And half the time it's just hard to gauge the depth on it and stuff.
It works okay.
If you like, you know, the Pokemon Rattatat or whatever, then you'll be really happy about this game because there's a shit ton of them.
And then...
What else? Oh...
I mean, it's just kind of... It's neat, I guess, and you can battle your Pokemon at the gyms and stuff and deploy them and that kind of thing.
But, again, from what I understand, it's not like the battles in the Pokemon Game Boy games.
It's like action-based. You tap on your Pokemon. You swipe left and right to dodge attacks.
I mean, it's different.
Well, I'd tap that.
So, if you're expecting the Pokemon games on the phone, that's not what Pokemon goes.
It's a lot harder to play it driving than Ingress.
Not to say that that has dissuaded me.
It's harder, though. Like, my GPS playing Pokemon, because like I said, this is in beta, it cooks your phone right now.
So, the state that it's in, it's just devouring that battery to the point where your phone is melting down.
Wait, I have a question. Is it worse for your battery than Miitomo?
I haven't played Miitomo, but I'm probably going to say yes.
From what I understand, yes.
From what you understand, what I've heard on the internet, yes.
Whatever.
And then, what was I going to say?
Yeah, I mean, other than that, my GPS doesn't seem to be as accurate.
So, it's hard for me to hit like the Poke Stops, which are like the portals while I'm driving, because my GPS would be lagged way behind where I'm at.
And like, I don't know how to, you know, get this. But whatever, it's fine.
They keep giving us free money to buy shit from their little store, which we'll be using real money at some point.
So, yeah, that'll be fun.
It's alright. I'm enjoying what I've played so far. Will I continue to play? We'll see.
I like Ratatta. I wish I could catch some Ratattas. Thank you, Niantic.
And then I installed this week in Final Fantasy XI, because I've been trying to play on a private server.
Because I don't want to pay...
You just don't give a shit about the rules this week, do you?
You just don't give a shit. When have you, actually?
Because, yeah, I just wanted to be able to play it at my leisure and without the grind.
So, there's a lot of servers that'll allow you to do that.
Not really having luck right now logging into those servers.
The one I did get on, I was able to create a character, but it's not connecting for some reason, so I had to figure out what's going wrong there.
But, yeah, I did my 10-hour update or whatever the other day. Thank you, Play Online and Final Fantasy.
But, hey, I did actually purchase it, and I played for a long time, several years, so they've gotten my money.
I don't know. We'll see how long I stick with it, too. Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Awesome. My gaming week. Okay, I've actually had a very busy gaming week.
So, for some unexplainable reason, I don't know why. There's no perfectly rational explanation for this.
But I've just become really suddenly interested in Pokemon again this week for some... I don't know why. I just suddenly got really interested in it again.
From what you understand.
From what I understand, it's a really popular franchise.
From what you've heard.
From what I've heard on the internet.
So, Shane, being Shane, was like, Rob, you should play a real Pokemon game. You should play Pokemon on the DS again, and you should play this.
It's so much fun, and if you like Pokemon, you'll love these games.
And he went so far because this is what Shane does.
Here, Rob, I actually got you a used copy at GameStop, and I'm just going to leave it here at the lunch table so you can just take that with you and do what you will.
So, I've been playing Pokemon Alpha Sapphire on the 3DS.
So, I have this notorious habit in Pokemon games where I will play up to the first gym, I'll get my badge, and then I'll become so overwhelmed with everything there is to do between the fucking beauty contests and the items and the fact that your Pokemon can only learn four moves, yet you have to, like, force teach them these moves to cut grass and smash rocks.
I'm going to fuck everything up by not min-maxing them the right way. I just fucking quit, right?
You'll smash those rocks correctly and I'm going to smash your fucking head against those rocks.
The rocks will get smashed one way or the other.
I get so overwhelmed that I am, like, making Pokemon that are not the very best, that no one ever was, that I just fucking quit.
I'm like, I can't fucking handle the pressure. I'm done.
You'll be the very best at fucking fighting, or you're going to be the very best on my plate.
So, here's the thing, though. With Pokemon Alpha Sapphire, everybody, I am pleased to announce I have two gym badges.
I made it, and I am currently battling my way through the third gym.
The electric gym's a little harder because I don't have any, what is it, rock Pokemon? I don't really have any rock Pokemon, so I'm having to make some of my other ones work.
So, I am currently battling my way through the third gym.
And I got to say, I think a big part of the reason why this is working for me in a way that the other games didn't do is that it gives you a lot of quality of life stuff right off the bat.
Final Swipe, which is the move that allows you to not kill Pokemon, so you capture them.
Oh, that sounds really helpful.
Yeah, Final Swipe is an attack that will, it will reduce them, it can, well, it's just like any normal attack, but it will not allow them to go below one hit point.
Wow.
So you can just keep Final Swiping them as long as your Pokemon's strong enough, and you can get it down to one hit point, making it a lot easier to capture.
They give you that really early on, and they give you something called EXP Share, so that way, when your lead Pokemon gets, or whatever Pokemon you're using gets experience in battle,
everything else in your party gets half the experience, which is so much better than, you know,
Lamymon, I choose you, but I got to level you, and then you just recall it instantly and then send back.
I didn't even realize you can kill them. That's kind of cool.
Well, they faint. They faint, Loki. They don't die. They don't die, they just faint.
They went on vacation.
That's right.
Yes, I get it. They went to the farm. They retired.
So, and I'm getting reminded in chat, Fifth Dream says, Sky, get all your free Pokemon this month.
Yes, I'm aware I need to get a Mew, I think, somehow, at some point.
I don't know.
Shane, don't worry, guys.
Shane is reminding me every day of everything I'm doing wrong in Pokemon.
So, I think we're covered. We'll be good.
Let's see.
Kaijuto in chat says, that's why you catch wild Pokemon to do the work.
Yeah, that's what I had to do.
Stoppy in chat says, I usually play until I have to go on a long distance journey to another city.
I've never finished. Blue.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream says, I'm good in the game. I'm just not good against other people.
Same as in MMOs. I play stuff and win. I just suck at multiplayer content.
So, but yeah, I've been all about the Pokemon this week for some strange reason.
So, I've been enjoying the Alpha Sapphire, playing that in between other stuff.
But I want to talk about this, too, because this is a huge event.
My birthday happens to be next month, and it actually is going to end up being the same day as our 14-year anniversary show.
June 26 is my birthday and the 14-year anniversary show, so that's something.
But Alan just said, you know what, I'm going to get you your present early.
I guess he got a big bonus because his job involves elections and what goes on there.
So, they're kind of busy right now. I don't know if you're aware, but there's a primary coming up here in California.
And for some reason, a lot of people are paying attention to it and all this stuff.
So, his work is kind of popular right now. So, he made a lot of bonus money this month.
So, he bought me my birthday present early, and he got me a new video card, which is a...
And I never remember these model names right, but it is the one that you can actually use to do Oculus Rift.
It's a 760 GTX, is what he got me, graphics card.
760?
Yeah. No, wait, is that what I had? I lied. No, 760 is what I had. Sorry, guys.
Now I have a 970 GTX, is what I have.
Those are not bad, yeah.
While I was running over to get the box, just to check.
Yeah, no, it's a 970 now. Sorry, 760 is what I had, so now I have a 970.
And then he also upped my chip. I had a 4 GHz chip in the computer, now I have 4.7.
So, yeah, right?
So, the first thing I did was I logged into Final Fantasy XIV to see how much prettier it was.
The second thing I did was I booted up Doom, because you know the new Doom is pretty gorgeous, right?
So, now I can play the new Doom on Ultra at 60 frames a second.
Nice.
And I was playing, it's so gross, oh my god, it's so gross.
Like, just the insta-kills and everything, like, I am becoming desensitized to violence, but it is a lot of fun.
I am terrible at it, I died on some mission last night because I'm an idiot,
but it is a lot of fun to just go in there guns-a-blazing and kill everything and die, die, die, even though I'm like, this is so disgusting.
But, Alan, he was playing Fallout 4 on his computer and he turned around and he's like, that is so gorgeous.
Oh my god, that's so pretty, that was so worth it.
And yeah, it's a gorgeous game, the new Doom is gorgeous, with a high-end video card on PC, yeah.
But now I am all ready for Oculus Rift that I didn't even think I wanted, but I guess I could get it.
You have the bare minimum now.
I have the bare minimum now, so who knows, I might.
Well, technically you don't have the bare minimum, because my fucking laptop runs that shit.
It doesn't run it good, or maybe up to spec, but it runs it, so technically you should be able to run it.
Yeah, and I might, I don't know, I don't know where I stand on the whole VR thing.
I still have the PlayStation VR headset ordered, I realize that's different from PC offerings.
The PC pool is really, like, there's so many options, right?
You know, so I'm just gonna wait for Bobby to tell me what to buy.
I just, I'm just gonna wait for Bobby to tell me what to buy.
Or, you know, the one that has the games that I want to play on it.
Although, some of those, you know, thanks to piracy, a lot of those walls are coming down, right?
You know, they're modding them so that things that were locked to Oculus, you know, there was big talk about that last week, so.
Was this about $1,000 video cards?
Well, that is, like, the highest end video cards are still like $1,000.
Not necessarily, I mean, like, if you wait for the 1080, that's gonna be about $700, $600.
And then the 1070, which is a step down a little bit from that, is gonna be about $400.
And those are gonna be coming out at the end of June.
The 1080, I thought it was supposed to be coming out about now.
Alan didn't tell me how much he spent on the card, but I could kind of guess that it was probably about maybe $250, $299, right?
And he said it was right at the borderline before, like, a big jump happens in price.
And he says, Rob, I love you, but not that much.
And I understand, that's fair, that's totally fair, I understand.
Still, it's really hard for me to internally justify spending more on a video card than, like, the newest greatest console costs.
Right.
And that's for a full system, including video capabilities, so.
Well, that's because you're gonna have to upgrade it again, so, you know, it's basically just the same now.
E3.
Thank you, console manufacturers. I was just going, geez, you know, it would be really nice if I spent more money on your stupid console.
So, one other thing that I want to point out quickly is that Alan got me those toys, but then I was like, okay, well, if you're gonna open up the computer to put in, because he does all the hardware stuff.
I don't know that stuff as well.
So, if you're gonna open up the computer to put in the new toys, there's something else I want to put in there.
So, I went to Best Buy and got myself a three terabyte hard drive so that I won't fucking run out of space anymore because I keep running out of, like, when I had to free up 60 gigs to install Doom, it was kind of, yeah, a mess.
So, now I can just install everything on Steam without, I won't have to worry about it for a very, very, very long time. So, I'm excited about that.
So, and plus, all that space for porn. Thank God. Thank God for space, thank God for porn.
Come on, no one saves porn to their hard drive anymore. You have the internet, you stream that shit.
When you have that very special cum shot that you don't want to forget. I'm sorry, I'm so nasty.
That's what bookmarks are for. That's why you have a favorites list.
Yeah, if you're into the animated stuff, though, you can only explore it.
I'm sorry, I'm very sorry.
You know, some people are into certain types of porn that involve, I'm sorry, hi.
Jason in chat says, has a fries, go to Best Buy, I'm crying. Here's the reason why. I have justification.
Because I am very much that person that when I want something, I want it now.
And we would get to Best Buy by closing, but we would not get to fries by closing. So, there it is.
I'm surprised they had video cards at Best Buy. I mean, their computer section nowadays is, like, the size of this table right here.
The video card came from somewhere else. We went to get the hard, because I was like, if you're going to do surgery on my computer tonight to put in this stuff, I want a hard drive to go in there, too.
So I was like, and it's 830.
You know what's hiding in Best Buy's video card section, right? Their one Bluetooth controller.
They have three. I got one of the three.
Incorrectly placed. Hiding behind an outdated video card.
Yeah, the Bluetooth controllers are in the PC controller department, so it's not even, like, Android or anything. Sorry, this is PC and Android.
And iOS. Oh, yeah, that's PC as well.
At least you know they're politically correct.
Alright. Let's do some quick housekeeping here now that I've completely fouled up the show.
Some quick housekeeping tonight. Of course, follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
I do want to remind everybody, especially if you're in the South area, specifically the Atlanta greater area where our pal Bobby Blackwolf is,
we're going to be sponsoring, we meaning VOG Network, are going to be sponsoring the Southern Fried Game Room Expo that's running June 10th through 12th.
So that's only, like, two weeks away. Not even.
So if you're in the South area, be sure to check that out.
Lots of classic video games and pinball and panels celebrating all that stuff.
And fun to be had, so be sure to check that out.
I will be going to the Atlanta area in a few more months.
I wanted to go to Southern Fried Game Room Expo. I really did, but trying to juggle the day job and all that.
I could only pick one or the other. Could I do Southern Fried Game Room Expo or Dragon Con?
And with all due respect to Southern Fried Game Room Expo, if I'm going to take a trip from California, I'm going to Dragon Con.
So I'm going to Dragon Con over Labor Day weekend, so I'm looking forward to seeing all of you there.
I do also quickly want to say, before we get into the gaming news tonight, because it is a three-day weekend.
Tomorrow is Memorial Day, so I do just want to take a minute to acknowledge, you know, there's a reason we celebrate Memorial Day.
So I just want to say, you know, a big thank you to everybody who serves in the armed forces or has served.
You know, or especially if you have a loved one that you've lost, since this is Memorial Day.
If you have a loved one that has paid the ultimate price to defend my right to say the word come shot on the radio,
and nobody's going to come to my house and police me, we're not going to get censored for that type of stuff.
You know, people pay a big sacrifice to protect those freedoms.
So a big thank you in remembering why we have a three-day weekend this week.
Okay, that all aside for housekeeping tonight. Let's talk about video game news.
Because with the long weekend, I think a lot of you spending some time playing some games, right?
Yep.
So let's get into the news this week.
A little bit.
Alright, so No Man's Sky was thought to have been delayed because there was some updated marketing materials that were going out to GameStops and stuff.
They were basically putting a sticker over, you know, the release date with a coming soon.
And that was confirmed as well by, you know, the developers and by the PlayStation blog.
Basically, the date has moved from June 21st to now August 9th, which is seven weeks.
And their reasoning for that, as we approach our final deadline, we realized that some key moments needed extra polish to bring them up to our standards.
I have had to make the tough choice to delay the game for a few weeks to allow us to deliver something special.
And that was coming from Hello Games, Sean Murray.
Like, I want to be upset, but I just, I can't. I can't get mad about this stuff anymore.
This is so much the norm in our industry that everything gets pushed back.
I have now just adopted the attitude of, you know what, when I see it on the shelf, I see it on the shelf.
Whenever Amazon drops it on my front door, there it is.
That's okay. I mean, that's fine. Now Mighty No. 9 can get your full attention, assuming that it actually comes out on its way first.
Low key. Don't make stuff up on this show. I'm just kidding.
No, but lots of other games can now, you know, free up and have that time.
And now No Man's Sky gets pushed even closer into the deadly holiday period, which will be coming, you know, now even shorter after that release.
But, you know what, if it's to make the game better, then great. People aren't going to remember the delay if the game is great.
Uncharted 4 got delayed an additional six weeks, didn't it? Are people complaining now?
No, people aren't complaining. And, you know, people seem to be taking it well.
I mean, people have only been leaving death threats for the developers, so that's typical, I guess.
You know what, once Mighty No. 9 comes out in two years, no one will remember that delay either.
Death threats over this. Is this Twitter egg accounts that are doing this?
Yeah, it's Twitter. I mean, come on, can we just get to the point now where we understand that, listen, Twitter is an anonymous platform.
People act like assholes over anonymous platforms. About anything, it could be about anything.
People could be sending death threats because they didn't like who won Survivor or something, or didn't like the outcome of Game of Thrones or something.
Jeff Probst, I'm gonna fucking kill you.
You survived my wrath, I mean, seriously.
I'm gonna vote you off the planet.
I feel like, God, we shouldn't even be laughing about it, because to be on the receiving end of that, could you imagine somebody sending OLR a death threat?
I didn't laugh once during your show this week. I'm gonna kill you.
Yeah, let me just see if I can read this tweet here real quick.
It says, your little article about No Man's Sky is being delayed has me hate you to my very core. It's the only thing I've lived for.
Okay, come on, just a little dramatic.
That means you have mental problems.
And you go and write that bullshit about the delay instead of visiting London later this month, I think I'll come by and say hi to you and fuck you up.
You think you can get away with making...
Okay.
Come on, people. Seriously.
Send that person over someone's knee and spank them. That is the only appropriate response, I feel like.
I don't know. Again, if it's mental health, maybe I shouldn't be making light of it or whatever, although I don't know. I do think we can spank some people.
The problem is you have these people that are so immature using the internet. These are the same type of assholes you run across back in the day, Xbox Live and stuff.
It's just now they're writing it down on board.
Unfortunately, there's just no repercussions for these people because of the fact that they're being anonymous, but I just think we at this point kind of expect this kind of behavior because unfortunately people are assholes and people take things really ridiculous.
I don't know. It's unfortunate, but this is kind of the world.
And I kind of think, well, I don't know if that was Twitter or something else.
It was Twitter.
Okay, I'm going to pick on Twitter for a minute here. Twitter really needs to step it the fuck up with as big of a site as they are and so forth.
They need to put more accountability into some of the stuff that people say on there.
And it's like if they're understaffed or whatever, then staff. So you can better respond to some of the vicious crap that goes on on Twitter because by doing nothing about it, you're enabling it, I feel.
There's a lot of great things that have come from Twitter. I have made awesome friendships because of Twitter. You and your wife met on Twitter?
We did.
Oh my God. See, that is a great story. I met a friend of mine who I've been talking to on Twitter for like three years. I met on Friday. He happened to be in Sacramento for a conference and so we met.
And another friend of mine was here from Hawaii a couple weeks ago when we met too. I have these real friendships from that.
But there is just this like the lower 10% of Twitter is the real bottom of the fucking barrel.
There's always a few bad apples spoiling the bunch, really.
But fucking clean the goddamn barrel, Twitter.
And then she'll-
Hold on, Jamie. What?
Sorry.
I will say, being someone who met my husband on AOL when it charged by the hour, good job.
Thank you.
And children, so here's how I met your mother. I loved her at the very first post I received from her.
Kids.
Where she called me a fucking shit posting, mansplaining, misogynist pig.
Okay, I have to respond to this.
Shut your mouth.
I have to respond to this because this is important.
Cajudo in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, no, no, don't tell Twitter to censor.
You just spoke about how you're proud to have free speech and say cum shot on the air.
That's three times now, by the way.
We can't start policing the internet.
I agree. However, your rights-
Well, A, Twitter is a private site so they can do whatever the fuck they want.
But your rights end where mine began.
I don't give a shit what you say on your corner of the internet and all this stuff, but when you threaten my life, that's crossing the line.
There's a big difference there. Now you're infringing on my rights. Does that make sense?
I think the problem is that if you were to do this face to face with somebody, you could be brought up on charges.
Whereas over the internet, they think they're hiding behind something that, oh, no one's going to find me, so that's the thing.
If people were that afraid, then maybe people would be a lot more nicer, I would think.
Some laws need to be updated, I think, really.
But let's not take it to the extremes here. If I'm disagreeing with somebody over the internet, I better not be brought up on charges of harassment because they didn't like what I have to say.
But there is, though, a way that if you feel you're truly being harassed, you can make the phrase, please stop speaking with me, any further communication will be considered harassment, and I have saved a screenshot.
Usually stops things, and I've actually been able to call law enforcement on someone who continued to harass me.
Because you outlined it clearly.
It's just disgusting that things reach that point. Whatever happened to common human decency?
Because common decency, for the most part, for a lot of people out there, is a social construct. It's a rule that you play when your face is exposed.
The real heart of people comes out when you put the masks on.
Alright.
Maybe I'm a little bit of a cynic.
It's a complicated issue, and there's really no easy answer. I do put a lot of value in our listeners that I really do think people that suffer through this program have a particular intelligence, or low intelligence, no, I'm kidding.
When I say treat people with common decency, I really believe that most of our listeners do follow that.
Society treats people pretty decent. It's just the loud assholes that get the attention.
But if by nature you're one of these people that send death threats to people anonymously online, fucking stop it!
You gotta evaluate your life that your life is so surrounded by revolving around this one game. I don't believe that. I think it's a troll.
I would also say that the people who do have decency, there could be many, many more of them, but it's sort of like what I experience as a Southern woman in the South.
The only people that you see on the news are the morons. The people that give the entirety...
Florida man.
Florida man, exactly. Or his dumber cousin, Mississippi man. It was even worse. Trust me, the Alabama state motto is, we're not Mississippi.
I'm kidding. We had Mardi Gras first.
I'm kidding too, because I know we actually have listeners in Florida, but you're also not on the nightly news.
Alright, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, TigerClaw in chat says, it's those damn milleniums. Blame it on the milleniums! When in doubt, blame a generation.
Did you read that milleniums now outnumber baby boomers?
Well, I mean, it would make sense that as one generation gets older, they're dying.
But still, they're actually now the largest generation group out at present.
Heaven help us all. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
And you have us a fake because we fucked like crazy!
Amy's taking a shit over here.
Amy's like, I'm a millenium.
No, no. I'm just joking. You know what? There's a lot of things that I identify with milleniums as well, but I do love the scapegoating that happens out there.
Like, when in doubt, just fucking blame milleniums.
Gosh, freaking bitch! Get off my lawn!
Sometimes we just need to pull out the fan, put it in the way of the selfie camera, and just...
Goddamn internets, goddamn milleniums fucking...
Get off my virtual lawn!
...tweeting their food and...
Right.
You know what?
My wife does that shit, and it fucking annoys the crap out of me.
It's like, what are you doing? Oh, I'm trying to get the perfect picture of the kids and eating ice cream and stuff. Who fucking cares?
Loki, you married a millenium.
I didn't marry a millenium. I wanna be a millenium.
You know what? I do the shit out of that at Disneyland, though.
Because everything there is pretty.
And when they served me that food that we paid a hundred plus bucks for at Carthay, you're damn right I took several pictures of it.
Listen, I'm not gonna take a picture every time I cook something because you only need one giant plate of spaghetti picture to be on the internet.
And it basically represents all the giant plates of spaghetti that I eat.
Next Saturday, on Lifetime, Loki stars in, so I married a millenium.
Yes, my Russian bride.
Alright, I'm so Ukrainian bride.
Look, we gotta move on, we gotta move on.
Well, we talked a lot about face-to-face interaction, and would you say that to somebody's face?
Well, you'll have the opportunity to say it.
Sometimes I would.
All of her faces.
E3.
A lot of people are kinda just, you know, mentioning this and moving on, but this is a really big deal, I think.
I wanna talk about this for a minute.
The organizers behind E3, not somebody else, but the ESA, the folks that organize E3, have announced that there is going to be a free public event called E3 Live.
That's going to happen between June 14th and the 16th, which is the same days as E3.
It's not gonna be held at the convention center, but it will be in downtown Los Angeles, next door.
Literally, it's gonna be at the Staples Center.
E3 too, the quest for more money.
E3 too, Electric Boogaloo.
The event starts at 5pm on June 14th, and you do have to register for a free ticket, although my understanding is it's already gone.
Those free tickets give you a five hour time slot and it's gone.
Five hours?
Yeah, so I guess you get in through AM, PM, I don't know.
You don't go for the whole three days like it is E3.
However, this is still now E3 opening up a little more to the public.
And this comes off the heels of what they did last year, where they basically openly said,
if you can get sponsored by a gaming company, you can get into E3.
Remember the whole thing where it's like, we're gonna let gaming companies invite 500 of their biggest fans or whatever it is to E3.
You know, E3 is slowly and slowly getting more public.
Because we've got all this space now that all these different publishers aren't actually participating with E3.
Well, but here's the thing that's especially odd about this, in my opinion.
This was announced this week, right?
E3 is like three weeks away.
Wouldn't you have announced something like this like four months ago, five months ago?
So this is something that I don't want to say they necessarily thrown it together, but it does have a last minute sense about it.
Well, I mean, I'm sure all those people will be able to find, you know, accommodations and lodging about, you know, two counties away.
I wonder when they told the, you know, the publishers and people bringing booths with them about this.
Well, it's not every publisher I don't think is participating.
I think only some.
It's all Ouya.
No, it's like Twitch and what, Frito-Lay.
Can you imagine? You spend all this time, you're going down there, you're super excited, you walk in and it's fucking just like Twitch.
Mountain Dew and Doritos.
And Mountain Dew, Doritos, and Ouya.
Hey, maybe if you're lucky, you'll get to see Konami streaming the same like two minute Pro Evolution soccer video over and over again.
Ow, that hit a nerve.
But no, I mean, it's very, very interesting to me that this is the way that E3 is now going.
I mean, are we looking at potentially a public E3 in the next couple of years?
I really think we're getting closer and closer to that, especially as more and more people are starting to ask the question, is E3 relevant?
I mean, aren't we, aren't we basically, you know, seeing E3 go from all the stuff that you wanted to know about gaming to, oh, you need to be press and make an appointment to see that?
Yes, that is true to some extent. However, I would argue, here's my argument, E3 is already public.
What do we know? I mean, I guess we don't know what the participation is this year, but could it be because the participation, just people going to it is even down?
Because maybe that's the thing is they're trying to make sure that the businesses around E3 are staying.
You're not seeing a float, but getting that traffic.
And this is a way to drive more traffic to the businesses nearby because they're going to get, you know, extra people, the public coming in for these different events.
That could be part of it. But the years that they went to Santa Monica instead and kind of left the businesses with E4ALL instead at a completely different time.
I don't know if that shows that they necessarily feel that obligation to the businesses to do that, but I was going to say, I want to follow up to what I said to Aaron about E3 is already public.
I mean, the reason why I say that is because with all the streaming that goes on with half the time you make appointments to see stuff, you're seeing the exact same fucking thing that's on Spike TV or that's on Twitch or whatever.
It's a controlled demo done by the publishers so that there's no mistakes or what have you. It's the hands on at E3 is going away.
And so in some regards, maybe they want to open that up to the public because, well, we're just going to show you the same shit that's going to be on Twitch TV or whatever anyway.
So E3 in some regards is just becoming kind of like an announcements week and less of the hands on stuff that he used to be a long time ago when truly the people that got their hands on to play was the only way that the public could experience it through the articles they wrote.
It should be inviting more people to E3, to be honest. I mean, it's hard enough, especially like back in the Nintendo days where it's like, OK, everybody has to wait, you know, five hours to play the Wii or Wii U or whatever.
I mean, I think if there's less people going, that's a good thing, because then you're actually getting to view that stuff without having to wait five hours to waste your time doing that.
I don't see a problem with that. I mean, if they want to do the public event next door, I guess that's fine. But I think it's a bad idea having these publishers, you know, bring in like 500 other fans or something like that. They'll need that.
Oh my gosh, it's just it's going to be a shit show in downtown L.A. I just oh my God. I hope you all got your hotel rooms already and can stay right there because even transit is going to be a mess with all those extra people.
Or maybe they are thinking that less people will be at the main show itself, so it's going to balance each other out. I don't know.
Anyway, I do want to mention, though, speaking of the fact that, you know, E3 is practically already public, YouTube is going to continue doing their own E3 coverage.
YouTube did their own E3 thing last year, and they have announced that that will continue this year. So, you know, it's kind of an alternative to Twitch, I suppose, in a way, as they do have competing gaming sides to it.
But there's going to be a 12 hour stream hosted by Jeff Keighley. So if you're a Jeff fan, there you go. That will kick off at 9 a.m. Pacific on June 13th.
A reminder that they did break some news in 2015. They actually had the announcement of the Walking Dead spinoff game and so forth. So they may have some exclusives this year as well. Who knows?
Wait, 2014 they said?
In 2015 they said that.
Oh, was that the Telltale one?
The Walking Dead Michonne was last year.
What the fuck is that?
Like the spinoff series. There's another Walking Dead. Where have you been?
The game came out recently.
Yeah, the game came out already.
Oh, what the hell was it?
It was just another Walking Dead game, but it wasn't a whole season. Was it an entire season or just one episode?
We haven't cleared season two yet, so don't know.
Shows you how.
Alright, well that seems very impactful to my life.
Well, but still, it's something.
Hey, it's a victory from the evil corporate overboard people.
I'll tell you what I'm not doing this year is watching a stupid fucking PC conference. Yeah, my stupid brain.
I bet you they're gonna announce Half Life 3. Why would they have a PC conference? God, it was so stupid. Why did I watch that piece of shit?
I'm not doing it again.
You had hope. A lot of us watched.
I had hope. I just, you know.
I will develop Pixel Poops 3 before Half Life 3 is released. That is my pledge to you.
You better watch what you promise on this show.
I'll skip over two if I have to.
What happened to Pixel Poops 2? That was crap.
Uh, go see Frog Fractions 2. It's there. It's in the same place.
It's at the bar with Frog Fractions 2.
Yes.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, we made a mention of it. At least I did earlier.
Overwatch. It's popular. Now that it's popular, it has porn.
Porn made with assets from the game.
Assets.
Assets. Can I ask you a question?
Anyway.
Well, of course, since there's porn using assets from the game, there's been a cease and desist issued.
I'll stop him.
Oh yeah. They're out of those woods now.
They had to say the safe word.
So, anyway, Overwatch porn searches are up by 817%.
And so they're all, the people who are using Overwatch assets are being hit for copyright infringement.
Which, if you are using assets that you don't own, to try to make money off of property you don't own,
it can't be considered parody when you're taking the assets.
So they do have a case here. I mean, basically it was really just to the people who ripped the character models.
They might have added bits to them because I thought they were rendered with bits.
Or removed some.
They were actually rendered specifically with Steam Source Filmmaker.
So, interesting.
Which brought you such wonderful things as Bioshock Infinite porn and Borderlands 2 porn.
Really?
Well, you know what can really eliminate that is stop making giant breasted people in your games.
There you go.
But Overwatch has a pretty diverse lineup.
It's not just the female characters. They're adding cocks on the dude characters.
Batman Arkham City porn as well.
Well, I know a lot of people are jumping to the whole...
Why are women the only ones to be sexualized?
I'm just saying, they're normally the first. It's like, okay, women with giant breasts in the game, you're naked first.
They do tend to float to the top of the results, yes.
But...
Why can't I have like... nevermind.
Don't worry.
You can have whatever you want. This is the internet, Jamie.
I'm not saying that...
Believe in your dreams.
I'm not saying that everybody doesn't get, you know, representation eventually.
I'm just saying that those are chosen first.
Yeah.
Why's it gotta be boobs?
It doesn't have to be.
I'm just saying that it's what they choose first.
William Murderface in chat says,
Let there be all the porn, dude and chick.
Isn't that what God said on the eighth day?
It's rule 34.
I mean, seriously, just rule 34.
On the 34th day, God said, let there be all the porn.
No, on the 34th day, it's like, I just realized there's no other women in the world.
Where are all the babies coming from?
Look, let's see...
You can't have siblings going at it.
It messes up the gene pool.
Ray, have you ever read the Bible?
I'm just kidding.
Yeah, which is probably why I converted.
I don't want to go there.
I'm just... I shouldn't...
Nope, that was...
I'm just gonna put the couch covers back on that topic.
I should not have looked under there.
All right.
Are they plastic like an old lady's living room in the 50s?
Ray Genator in chat says,
I noticed that people had modded Skyrim to be pornographic.
And every other game in existence ever.
I accidentally stumbled upon someone streaming Skyrim porn on Steam.
Accidentally.
But the thing is, is that that content is not there for profit.
And typically porn sites are looking to make money.
So if they are stealing assets from an IP they don't own
and marketing it for their own profit
without, you know, giving any money or rights back to the owner,
which also can in some way diminish the overall reputation of the product,
you know, of their IP.
Yeah, they have every right to shut it down.
When you're making, you know, naked mods for, you know, Dragon Age,
okay, they're naked.
No one's making money on it.
I understand.
I don't think they're doing it for profit.
I think actually a lot of these people do it for funsies.
I mean, so I just...
It just gets put on these sites
because this is where you find your adult content videos and stuff.
So that's where it just gets hosted
because you're not gonna throw this shit on YouTube.
I mean, VMO, you know.
So that's why it ends up there.
But I don't think anyone's actually doing it like,
hey, we're gonna make so much money off of this.
Said no one ever on a video, you know.
You can't make that kind of money on videos.
You know, a lot of people are saying Blizzard is so out of touch
and Blizzard doesn't know rule 34 and all this stuff.
But if I'm not mistaken, a third party is doing this on Blizzard's behalf, right?
And, you know, sometimes third parties do really weird things
and you've kind of seen that with YouTube content ID matching.
You have to wonder if maybe Blizzard's third party might be overreaching a little bit.
Although, when Jamie puts it the way she does,
that, you know, essentially when this porn starts to make money off Blizzard stuff,
then that's, you know, if I put titties out there for free, that's one thing.
But if I make you pay to see the titty, that's another.
And there is a distinct difference between that.
But what's interesting is that if I were to have like a DeviantArt page
where I sell posters of my Tracer fan art,
completely G-rated and tasteful, there's not a problem with that.
Blizzard and most companies in general kind of just turn a blind eye to that sort of stuff.
But the minute there's a titty...
I'm just telling you one thing, I mean,
because I remember when Bioshock Infinite first came out,
they were like, please don't make Elizabeth porn.
Please don't do that.
Don't do that.
And then everyone's like, I'm doing that.
It's like, you told me not to do that. I'm totally doing that.
My favorite thing in the world is this Miyamoto parody account that's out there on Twitter,
and it will always post these things like where somebody did fan art of Mario and Luigi making out,
and he'll tweet the picture and he'll put, please don't do this.
Yes, rule 34.
Or like, please, please stop. This is not what was intended.
Yes, you know, a lot of the Mario characters already represented.
Samus, yep. Anything you can possibly imagine, it's there.
Super Smash Brothers and Sisters.
Emphasis on Smash.
Now, there's only one logical solution for this, honestly, I believe,
and that is to take these videos that have Overwatch porn characters
and to add to them Grand Theft Auto porn characters, Nintendo porn characters.
They'll never find them then.
I believe you should treat all the game companies equally.
What you gotta do is you gotta go the copyright block method,
like he suggested, you know, put all the characters in there.
Never find the men. Just put all of the naked characters in there.
On Elsa, I mean fucking Pac-Man, Sonic.
Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man porn? There you go.
Thank God someone in chat still brings up like a 15-year-old reference.
William Murderface in chat says Final Fuck X, which is a real thing.
It is a real thing because we watched it live on air on an early episode of OLR.
The DVD's still in my house.
Yeah, it was cosplay porn is basically what it was.
Yeah, it was these...
They didn't even dress the guys up. It was just...
Really good costumes, though.
Yeah, the girls had really great costumes for a minute.
And then there was Dance Dance Fuck, which just...
Dance Dance Fuck was ridiculous. Like, there was nothing there.
It was just like one of those days searching for Dance Dance Revolution stuff on eBay.
There it is. It's like, I kind of have to buy that now.
I'll never forget. That's when I was living with Loki. I'll never forget the day.
Guess what I got today? He just drops Dance Dance Fuck down on the table.
Do they have bazookas?
I don't remember.
No, there was like no cosplay or anything.
No, it had nothing to do with it. It was just...
They were dancing in a club and then... fucking.
Oh.
I think it was just the name.
Oh, I don't know. Anyway.
Watch of a revolution if you ask me.
Well, tonight is a special episode of Orange Country.
Look how fucking dirty this show gets when you visit.
It's good she's in the room.
You should feel ashamed of yourself.
Shame.
Level of shame is near zero.
Yeah, you're the Game of Thrones. You're the one that says,
Oh, I'll watch Game of Thrones before I listen to OLR.
Shame. Shame.
I kind of meant it.
You need to get the bell.
I mean, it's really... it's missing something without the bell.
It is missing something without the bell. I'll work on that.
The Taco Bell?
I'm usually not the kind of show to have the zany sound effects and all that stuff,
but for that, we'll make an exception.
We'll make an exception. All right, let's move on.
Logie.
All right.
Gosh, so distracted by all this stuff.
Oh, God. No, this is really important. I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Defective Candy in Chat says, Oh, God, I remember pterodactyl porn.
Wasn't that the first porn on the Wii?
That was New Year's Eve one year.
This is what nerds do.
We realized that you could bring up XTube or PornTube or one of those up on the Wii.
It was the year that the Wii got the internet browser.
So, of course, the first thing we did was we started to bring up pornography on the Wii.
And one of the first things that was there was pterodactyl porn.
And it was a guy in a dinosaur suit banging some girl.
But my favorite was, like, the way he would just kind of shake his wings.
Like, he's putting so little effort into it. Like, I'm sorry.
Please don't do this.
The makers of Jurassic Park, please stop.
S21 Hunter Matt says, I remember Rob was scream laughing during the episode.
Sounds accurate.
Oh, my God.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase PIG.
Anyway, could we please stop the pornography talk and move on?
Loki.
I guess.
So, there's some rumors now regarding the Xbox One.
You know, it's been kind of rumored that the Xbox One will also be getting some sort of new device that would be slightly upgraded and stuff.
One of the things now, there's actually two rumored devices.
One being a slimmer model that's going to be coming out in 2016.
It's supposed to be spec-wise pretty similar.
What's kind of neat about those, from what I remember hearing, I've listened to quite a few shows about it.
They're saying that the size of this console would be about a little smaller than a lunch box.
So, I mean, that's significant.
How big of a lunch box?
A small lunch box.
I mean, so, I mean, considering the size of the Xbox One now, which is like 80s VCR, this is significantly smaller since we're talking like 80s lunch box now.
Can I get like awesome 80s lunch?
Like, will they start putting patterns on the Xbox like they used to do on 80s lunch boxes?
Like, can I get a Dukes of Hazzard Xbox One or like a Transformers Xbox One or something like that?
No idea.
Maybe faceplates will come back.
And then, of course, the other rumor is that there's going to be a more powerful Xbox One coming out in 2017.
Codename Scorpio.
That's supposed to have a more powerful GPU and Oculus Rift support.
Which makes sense because they're kind of partnering with, you know, Oculus to provide the controllers and everything in the Rift.
So, maybe since, you know, I would think HoloLens isn't going to be available anytime soon for a reasonable price.
This sounds to me like the Xbox 1.5 or whatever it is.
It sounds like this has gotten delayed, but you can't delay something you never announced.
Well, I think for sure that the slim thing is going to happen because if you notice on all the retail sites right now for Xbox Ones, they're throwing out some insane deals to clear out inventory.
That's usually what happens when they're going to be announcing a new SKU like that is that they're trying to clear out the old shit that they figure is not going to sell.
Because maybe it's being offered for the same price or something and they're not going to do any sort of, you know, back-end price rebates or whatever to allow them to clear out inventory.
So, I could see something like that happening.
I really don't like this new console thing coming out where they're saying, oh yeah, sure, the old games will be supported by it.
To me, it's just like putting out a brand new console without numbering it.
Except it's backwards compatible with the last generation. It's kind of like the DS with Game Boy Advance or the 3DS with the DS games.
Yeah, you can't really just call that a new DS because there's games that are going to run on that that aren't going to run on the other system.
And if they're not going to be utilized, if you're not going to have any sort of games taking advantage of that increased hardware and it's supposed to run perfectly on both systems, then what's the point?
And just because it runs, you know, it's going to be like some of the older games that came out at the end of, or I should say the beginning of the new generation.
Where, oh yeah, it runs great on this platform, but it runs 30 FPS on this platform with the decreased resolution and blah, blah, blah.
I don't know. I think it's too early for new consoles. We just had new consoles.
Yeah.
It's like you should have waited some time and increased the specs on them.
Another year though will be a little like, it'll feel a little better in another year, I think.
But still like then what's going to make me want to buy a new like PlayStation 4k or whatever we're going to call it means.
Because what, what makes me want to buy an iPhone 6 when I had an iPhone 5 that worked just fine. You know what I mean?
They have more features in it, but seems like, but I think for the most part, you know, software is going to be, I don't want to say software is going to be,
it does run significantly better on the other system. And with an iPhone or something like that, it's something that you use every single day.
I just don't see, I don't think you can compare it like that. It's, you know, iPhones in most smart devices do a lot more than just play games.
And if you're asking me to spend $400 a year for something, fuck that. I'm going to buy a PC, spend the same amount of money and have something that's going to need to be upgraded every few years.
And that's still going to run your games better than these upgraded specs. Because there's no way that those consoles are going to run games better than PC or even on par with PC.
Alright, well I'm going to move on to something else that is planned for 2017 and that is the brand new Mega Man cartoon that's coming out.
I don't know if you've seen the picture that was floating around the internet this week, but it's part Mega Man, part Tron basically that's out there.
I don't hate it. I just, it is different, but I don't necessarily hate it because at least I'm sitting here going, well, it's Mega Man something and it's going to take that to get the games to come back.
So, I don't know. But anyway, here's the deal is that this series is going to be aimed at kids 6 to 9 and parents who grew up playing the games.
6 to 9.
So, this is going to be about Mega Man's alter ego Aki Light.
No, we don't need fucking alter egos. It's fucking Mega Man. You don't need the fucking alter egos. Nobody gives a shit.
Wait, wait, wait, but it wasn't Mega Man made by Dr. Light, so it still seems kind of scary.
Yes, I understand that, but who gives a shit about alter egos and their high school drama bullshit? He's a fucking robot that kills more fucking robots.
Well, that's what it should be.
Well, hold on, because if you're a fan of Sonic the Hedgehog's friends, wait till you hear this.
Other characters from the games and new characters.
Fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them with all the fuckable things and the non-fuckable things.
New characters including Mega Mini will also be featured.
What is this? Fucking Austin Powers? Mini fucking Mega Man? Yes, that will be fucking irritating and stupid.
By the way, for anyone wondering, Loki sounded loud on the show. He was even louder in person.
Not everybody gets to experience the Loki rants. You know, you've been listening to the show for a long time. You get to actually see it play out live.
It's amazing in person. Everyone should try this. You need to do this once in your life.
By the way, Capcom offered their own perspective on the Mega Man series, saying it's a young school-aged robot living in Silicon City.
He soon learns that deep within his programming are secret protocols that allow him to transform, giving him nanocore armor, a Mega Buster, and the iconic helmet to turn him into a superhero, Mega Man.
Yes, he's a magical girl. How do you feel about that, Loki?
I just fucked with them, seriously. I mean, they're not... It's like, what the fuck is it? Yeah, this worked out so well for Pac-Man, for fucking Sonic.
Actually, the 80s Pac-Man anime series was pretty good.
I'm not talking about the 80s Pac-Man. I'm talking about the fucking Pac-Man and Ghostly Adventures or whatever, where everybody, for some goddamn reason, they feel it's necessary to add more fucking sidekick friends.
Because you know what that means? They can merchandise more shit. All it means is it's fucking irritating.
I introduced my son to the Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures. I didn't think it was that bad. It was not as irritating as I expected it to be.
But he doesn't give a shit about that show anymore. Like, it literally meant nothing to him.
Did you try Pee-Wee's Playhouse?
He liked Pee-Wee's Playhouse, actually.
Parenting done right, thank you.
So, I mean, so that was fine. It's just, this is stupid. This is like...
What's your audience? I mean, you're trying to get kids interested in Mega Man? I don't think that that's the problem.
Because, you know why they aren't interested in Mega Man now? Because you haven't put out a fucking game in years!
Exactly!
Yep. I was gonna say the same thing.
What if this could lead to a new game?
No! No, fuck that, because it's gonna be...
Based on the hit cartoon!
Are you gonna let me finish?
I don't fucking need Sonic Boom, the fucking Mega Man game, okay? I don't need that shit.
I want my fucking either 2D Mega Man game, or fucking Mega Man Legends 3.
I don't need you to fucking reinvent Mega Man, because you're doing a shitty job at it.
Okay, let's see. Dark Tetsuya in chat says,
I did enjoy Sonic Boom, though. Weird redesign aside.
And Dungeon Buster says, the Sonic Boom cartoon is actually really good.
So...
How about that?
That's really interesting! Too bad I'm never gonna watch the show, and the games suck ass, so that's fine.
I'm glad that they did a portion of it right.
But you know what they do, and you know how you know this is gonna be a terrible show?
Because if it was a good show, they'd fucking cancel it, like fucking Tron.
Orange right in chat says, too bad they couldn't adapt the Archie comics.
Actually, isn't the CW getting a show called, like, Riverdale?
And they turned it into, like, a scary sci-fi thing?
Except, I think what they mean are the ones published by Archie comics.
Oh.
Because Archie's had a Sonic series running since, like, 1990.
So, when you say Archie comics, I actually think of Archie the comic, which is probably dating myself a little bit, but I don't give a fuck.
Let's still read Betty and Veronica.
And Josie and the Pussycats, thank you very much.
You know what they need to do? I'm seriously, like, stop trying to, you know, dumb down these fucking franchises for kids.
Because if you make a franchise that's just badass, that's just fucking, okay, it's a badass Mega Man fighting robots and shit, little kids are gonna fucking want to watch that.
Just like fucking Transformers, they didn't dumb that shit down.
Okay, they did in the movies, thank you Michael Bay, but I'm talking about, like, the actual 80s cartoons, they didn't dumb that shit down.
Kids are like, fuck, that looks awesome, and they want to watch it.
Not because, ooh, this is my demographic, fuck yes!
I mean, nobody watches something because it's in their demographic.
This is, like, such backward-ass thinking.
I will say, though, that the toy series existed under a different brand.
Then they had the cartoon out for the purpose of marketing the toys.
Same thing happened with G.I. Joe, the toys were out, and they wanted to market it to the 80s audience.
Therefore, we had an animated series to push that out.
Same with Thundercats, same with Silverhawks, even though Silverhawks was awesome!
Um, what was it? He-Man.
Yeah, but Dark Tetsuya, though, Rescue Bots, though, was for, like, preschoolers.
Go-Bots was shit.
Okay, Go-Bots, we're not talking about Go-Bots.
Um, this fucking Rama one-half robot bullshit is stupid.
Um, so, yes, I understand that sometimes they will take, like, different superheroes or series and dumb them down for, like, preschoolers.
You know, kind of get them into, like, Superhero Squad or, I guess, the Transformers Rescue Bots or something like that.
Yes, they have those versions.
And, let me tell you, Superhero Squad is fucking irritating as shit.
And my kids, they kind of liked it at first, but they don't like it now.
I mean, it's fucking irritating.
It's like you watch...
The characters are just fucking cliches, it's ridiculous.
I mean, come on.
What happened to the good shit, like fucking Batman the Animated Series and fucking Gargoyles and Darkwing Duck and all that shit?
Like, why can't we just take these properties a little bit more seriously?
Because if you're showing me this shit, this doesn't seem serious to me at all.
And I don't think you're going to handle it seriously.
And who do you think is going to buy this game?
I hope that those six to nine-year-olds are really going to fucking pick up your game because I sure as fuck can't.
God damn millennials, get off my lawn.
It's not millennials, it's fucking people in marketing departments making terrible decisions.
It's even worse. It's the generation after the millennials.
There has to be a moment of correction toward the chat room.
First of all, Voltron was not created as a marketing ploy.
It was two different series combined into one to market to the US audiences.
But they were their own standalone series and Robotech was fucking Macross and you do not sass Macross.
Yes, there were many awesome toys that came as a result of that.
You even had figures for RPGs.
RPGs based off of the Valkyrie design that, yes, I might have played.
I think they were wrapped up in the Playdium universe, I want to say.
But still, that wasn't the intent was to have a marketing empire.
The first intent was to have a series.
I feel like we should have a whiteboard with Dark Sakura's rules.
And for those that want a webcam during the show, it's just pointed at the rule board the entire time.
And it can start with one, do not sass Macross.
I hope Kaijuto is being facetious in here because that is the most stupid question I've ever seen asked in the entirety of stupid fucking questions.
It's almost more stupid than Drumpf saying there is no drought in California.
Jamie, calm down.
Your rants are getting as bad as his.
What are we going to do with both of you?
I haven't had caffeine, Rob.
But seriously though, how am I supposed to take this shit seriously?
Capcom, you know, fucking...
What have they done in the last few years for us with Mega Man?
It's just like, oh hey, guess what?
Mega Man, he's going to be a fucking Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Oh fuck you, it's Bad Box Mega Man.
Hahaha, suckers.
Hey, Mega Man Legends 3, that's going to be so awesome, we're going to totally bring that back.
Haha, it's fucking cancelled, you assholes.
I mean, how am I supposed to take him fucking seriously?
I'm not.
It's like, hey, we're going to come out with a new Mega Man cartoon.
Haha, it's fucking shit.
I mean...
Whatever, you know what, come out with the cartoon, we'll see, it sucks.
The end.
For the record, yes, they killed the shit out of Roy Foker in Macross.
Let's move on to the next story.
They killed the shit out of him.
And we were like, holy shit, by the way, that Sven guy in, um, uh, Voltron?
Yeah, he died too.
I see their parachutes.
Moving on, Dar Sakura.
Do you have another gaming related story for us?
Yeah, I do, and it's sad and it pisses me off too.
So Vivendi is going to be making a hostile takeover of, um, Gameloft.
They're moving through with it.
Like, you know, you don't really hear about hostile takeovers so much.
Not since like the 80s when it was like, everything was making me corporate world.
Yeah, they're trying to do it with Ubisoft too.
Actually, Ubisoft is definitely on their, uh, uh, they have their sights on Ubisoft next.
Um, both companies have been opposed to, uh, the acquisition for a while now.
And have been working to, uh, fight the hostile takeover.
But Gameloft has, uh, succumbed and Ubisoft is going to have to get their asses in order.
We need to protect our poor, poor French Ubisoft.
Like a precious, precious little gem.
We need to shelter them and say, you know what?
Give us more lady characters and we'll protect you from the big bad Vivendi.
Oh, Ubisoft. You precious, special little slip lake.
Boy, Vivendi's been desperate to get something gaming back, isn't it?
Well, that's what you get for fucking it away.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates from an evil gaming company near you. Loki.
Alright, so this week we have a few things coming out.
Um, looks like Dead Island the Definitive Edition is coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Yay.
Uh, One Piece Burning Blood on PS4, Vita, and Xbox One.
Also, Smite is coming out on PlayStation 4.
Um, this is kind of interesting speaking of, you know, you want to talk about fucking, you know, pornographic and fan art shit.
Uh, Senran Kagura, uh, Shinobi Versus.
This is the fighting game where you fight as big-breasted anime chicks and their clothes come off as you fight them.
And that's coming out on PC.
Well, isn't that nice.
Um, a game called Turn On on WinMac and Xbox One.
No, it's not pornographic.
It also sounds pornographic.
It's not. I checked.
Uh, Dangerous Golf, which actually looks kind of interesting.
It's, uh, pretty cool.
It's this game where you, uh, basically fire a ball out of a gun at, like, different things in a house.
And you're breaking shit and then you're also trying to get it into a hole within a certain amount of strokes.
So that's pretty cool.
And that'll be coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Uh, Hard Reset Redux coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Uh, Seto Corsa on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And...
Daydreamer Weekend Edition on Xbox One.
That is it.
Alright, well, it's a pretty slow week in Japan this week.
There's really only one release I can find and it's on, believe it or not, the PlayStation Vita.
It's a Taisho Alice All-In-One.
It's coming out this week on the 2nd of June.
And that's really it for Japanese release dates this week.
Loki, er, excuse me, Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
Sorry, when you guys get so angry, I confuse the two of you so easily.
Girl.
One thing.
On, uh, the 31st, Oxenfree Director's Cut.
Didn't they already release that?
Uh, Oxenfree they did, but I'm assuming this is some type of-
Is it worth having a Director's Cut? It sounds so weird.
Um, the game has a neat kind of story to it.
Um, I played it a little bit on Xbox One.
It's, it's, it's neat.
I, it, I don't know what that means.
If that means there's extra screens, if there's commentary.
I don't know, it depends how much they're asking for it and, you know.
Please give us money.
Please. Please give us money.
I say it depends on who the director is.
I mean, if it's Michael Bay or Uwe Boll, I'm in.
I think the good news is it's neither of them.
Oh, okay.
For what it's worth.
Alright, then, then maybe I'm in.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So, Sony has sold 40 million copies, or over 40 million units, I should say, of the PlayStation 4.
It is the fastest selling console in PlayStation history.
And they are also saying their software sales have hit over 270 million units.
And that's counting retail and digital.
And that's, um, as of May 22nd.
Uh, also kind of neat, uh, Uncharted 4 has sold 2.7 million copies in the first week.
So, it's doing pretty good. I guess people like the game.
And, of course, it's not the greatest first-party game that they've had.
Um, of course, Last of Us sold 3.4 million copies in its first three weeks.
So, actually, maybe it is the top one that they've had.
Because that's three weeks, not one.
Hmm. Interesting.
People like it.
See, that deserves, like, a mov-
Well, actually, I think they are making a movie of that.
Uncharted?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure they are.
Uh, it's like one of those movies in development hell or what have you.
Why? Okay, well, maybe I would be fine if it's in development hell as long as it doesn't come out like Assassin's Creed.
Which does not look good.
Is there even a teaser for that yet?
Oh, yes there is.
Oh, I've seen the poster. I didn't see the teaser.
Assassin's Creed where they thought, hey, you know what's cool?
People really like the modern-day portion of Assassin's Creed.
You know, um, games, not necessarily the part where there's actually all the action and story where they go back in the past.
Let's cover more of the modern portion of that.
That's gonna be the majority of the movie.
Alright, well, one more story before we get to the classic game of the week.
And, uh, I know Loki is really excited about the upcoming release Mighty No. 9.
Um, perhaps, Loki, you saw the new trailer this week.
Oh, yes.
The Master Class trailer. What'd you think of the trailer?
I thought it looked crap.
Yeah, and-
And it didn't help the snarky commentary over it.
Apparently, a lot of people felt it was crap, including the CEO of the co-developer of the game.
Takuya Aizu actually wrote a tweet that said, what the hell was censored censored, but it's very clear it says Deep Silver, thinking making a crappy PV, promotional video, like this.
Unforgivable.
Yes, I think, I think the quality quote that everybody can take away from this is that it'll have you crying like an anime fan on prom night.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, thank you, you fucking asshole.
I mean, I don't take that personally offensive because I'm not a huge anime fan, but jeez, way to piss on, way to piss on all your fans.
I mean, that's just like, hey, hey, people that backed us, fuck you. Fuck you all, because fuck you, that's why.
Yeah, I'm not sure, um, who allowed that to go through, but unfortunately-
What the fuck were they thinking? I mean, seriously, how is that, like, shouldn't that be like one of like the first rules?
Hmm, maybe we should insult our fucking audience.
So can I, can I admit to something? I never watched the trailer for this. Do you, do you think I should watch it now?
Yeah, you should, let's do it.
Dark Sakura, have you seen this trailer?
No.
Would you like to watch it now?
I can't really see it from here, so I'll listen to it.
This is rated E for everyone, just as cartoon violence.
This is all pretty typical.
Hey, you, look at the screen. Let me ask you a question. Do you like awesome things that are awesome?
Then you gotta play this game, dude. It's friggin' cool and crazy addictive, like popping bubble wrap addictive. Check this out.
Okay, well, to be fair, pa- popping bubble wrap is really addictive.
Also, this is clearly not the guy from the, uh, the, the video trailer thing that they were saying.
But, when you're try- okay, here's the first issue I'm gonna take with this trailer, is that when you're reminding me that popping bubble wrap may be more fun and cheaper than playing your game, that's not quite the best angle to take.
Is this like a new type of millennial marketing that they're doing now?
Also, I can't remember the last time bubble wrap was delayed.
Well, they gotta- they gotta take time to fill it all up with air. Artisan bubble wrap.
That is true.
Each bubble hand-filled.
By millennials.
With the breath of angels.
Wait, hold on, here, moving on.
See, that's your dash move. There's a short dash, long dash, jump dash, spiral, slide. There's probably a dash that makes you breakfast, I don't know.
Great idea- wait, what?
Point is, you're dashing around like a friggin' moon man and I love it.
Oh, and look at this. There's all these combo moves you can do, then you can do combos on combos to rack up your score.
And I know you like that combo on combo action.
What?
But I saved the best for last. Absorption boost.
That sounds more like it.
You kill an enemy and you can absorb their power ups. Stuff that'll make you faster and stronger and make the bad guys cry like an anime fan on prom night.
So what do you think? You ready to play?
I'm ready.
No one's talking to you, Vernon.
Mighty number nine.
Um, that sucked.
It's just stupid. I'm not mad about it. It's just stupid.
Yeah, I agree.
Although I like what Stoppy says, cry like an anime fan without his body pillow waifu.
It's silly.
By the way, big shout out to everybody at Fanime this weekend. I don't know why but I'm just reminded. Big shout out to everybody at Fanime this weekend.
That was just... no.
Why is it like, who gives a shit?
I need distractions from that thing.
Why do they need to fucking commentate over that? Why is it like, who gives a shit? You got dash attacks and an absorption move and you get combos.
Absorption moves? Sign me the fuck up.
Dashing combos and something that can gain power ups with? Wow, way to list the features of every fucking game that's in that genre.
I don't know if they had combo on combo action in those other ones though.
I ate combos the other day, does that count?
Why didn't he fucking just like, seriously they skirted around these fucking memes like shit. Why didn't he just say, yo dawg I hear you like combos.
I mean seriously just step it up a bit instead of...
You're writing stuff. You're deep silver writing stuff folks.
Somebody thought it was funny.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, Mighty No. 9 already has a lot of shit thrown at it. It really didn't need it from their own camp.
Yeah, I think that's kind of what it boils down to.
It's like, now it's like, it's starting to feel like the showgirls of video games.
Like there's just a point where they started marketing it as camp, you know?
And like, how did it happen? I mean seriously it's like, fuck yes it's a Mega Man game.
We've been fucking rooting for a Mega Man game, but now you know what?
The guy that's making Mega Man, he left Capcom because they wouldn't fucking make a Mega Man game.
He's going to make a Mega Man game, but it's not going to be called Mega Man.
What happened between that time and now? Because what the fuck is that game?
I mean it just doesn't look that interesting anymore.
Drugs. Allegedly.
You know what that trailer says? You don't know shit.
You know what I feel like they need to do?
I feel like it doesn't matter what the trailer was, there were going to be people that gave it crap.
They just need to release the freaking game already.
June 21st.
I wanted him to drag out his explanation of what happened with the enemies and how it made him cry.
Just in case if anybody didn't get the reference, he should have been like, you know, makes them cry like anime fans on prom night.
Get it? Because they're single. Because they don't leave the house. Because they're nerdy and nobody likes them.
I mean, just in case you're catching the reference here, I mean, they're basically sexless virgins.
I'm just trying to make sure that you understand that.
Mighty number nine.
I think low keys should just market video games for a living.
How bad do you hate yourself? You'll love this game.
And I'm glad that... Oh, no. I'm not even going to give it any attention. I'm just... I'm done.
All right. Let's get to the classic game of the week.
It's not Halo.
We're going to go to a time when you didn't have these YouTube commercials promoting games.
You had a magazine ad that didn't make any fucking sense at all.
Or the ad had like paragraphs and paragraphs and paragraphs of shit.
Actual shit.
It's the classic game...
Built into the ink.
Classic game of the week.
And Dark Sakura is... She's got, I think, a little deep into the archive this week to find one.
It's another one I've always wanted to play and never got around to.
All right. So Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
I love what a spiteful bitch the designer is, or the producer was.
The game is D, or as it was called in Japan, D no Shokutak, the table of D.
It is a psychological horror puzzle adventure game.
It was developed by Warp and produced by Kenji Eno.
It was first released for 3DO in 1995.
And then it came out later on Sega Saturn on the Sony Playstation and MS-DOS.
And it was the first in its series.
So D is basically a story of a lady who goes in to look at a hospital after finding that her dad's a serial killer, pretty much.
Well, not a serial killer, but more like a homicidal mass murderer.
And then he barricaded himself inside.
But once she gets in, it turns into a castle and she has to explore through it to find her father.
It is very violent and very creepy.
I mean, I would even say that some of the psychological shit in this game borders on Silent Hill levels.
I mean, if not worse.
And the thing about how this game got released is what makes me love it.
Basically, the whole storyline and everything, and it was so explicit for what it was, that Eno decided to bypass the censorship committee by submitting a clean version.
So that he could get the publisher to give approval on it late in the development cycle.
And that he had to, of course, hand deliver the master to the manufacturer.
So he switched the disk.
Yep.
And the master had, of course, the more disturbing content.
It sold over a million copies in Japan.
It was pretty successful.
Not so successful in the US.
But part of that had to do with how Sony handled it.
Basically, Sony told them that there would be a certain number of copies produced.
And what happened instead is that they ended up getting half the amount produced because Sony gave manufacturing priority to other titles.
And so basically...
I just want to call out real quick.
The audio in this is very ambient.
So you'll just get these random noises.
We are looking at a video of the game in action, though, here in studio.
Just for the listeners.
So basically, he got pretty much revenge on Sony by saying that the subsequent games were Sega exclusives.
So the games that followed were Enemy Zero and D2, which Enemy Zero was also on Saturn and D2 was on Dreamcast.
And they had the same digital actress as they phrased it.
Although it's a different character in each game.
So as you go through the game, you have different puzzles to solve.
And actually, even a time limit.
So basically, you have to get everything solved within two hours of the game.
Plus, you have a particular time that you have to confront the main bad being her dad.
So you get different endings.
You have the time-lapse ending, which if you go after the two hours, the other world closes off and you have to go back to the real world.
And then it says, out of time, please try again.
You have the bad ending, which I'm not going to go into, which is really gross.
You have the good ending and then you have the best ending, which if you look at scarabs all over the place, you get the best ending.
And the game has two characters completely, Lara and her dad.
So the development of the game is, they actually were developing this in 1994 through the 3DO and had three Amiga computers to work with.
And managed to get full CGI cutscenes and full visuals into this game.
Which, for its time, this really, really was no mean feat.
So it was pretty, pretty awesome in Japan, like I said.
All three editions that were released in Japan were localized for US and Europe.
And see, I'd like to read this because this is actually the phrasing from Enno about what happened.
So when I released D on PlayStation, the people gathered orders for 100,000 units, but Sony had given other titles manufacturing priority.
So Sony told me that they only manufactured 40,000 units, but then in the end, they had only manufactured 28,000 units, which is very bad.
So the sales people had gotten 100,000 preorders from retailers, but Sony wasn't able to manufacture all of them.
I was very pissed about that because one title like that for a small company is very important.
If that game doesn't sell well, that's very bad for the company.
And so, revenge!
They actually did, there was another game, which is actually the game I've been trying and trying and trying to think of the name of.
It's the game that fucking came with seeds.
Real Sound Cause No Regret, which is an all sound audio adventure for Dreamcast.
It came with seeds and it was actually a game manufactured with the blind in mind or, you know, people who had some kind of vision impairment because you would play it all with audio cues.
So that was the other game I was thinking of.
There's also another rare addition called Dee's Diner Director's Cut.
It has other sequences in it and other trailers, a sound novel that talks about Lara's family, and then a mini disc that had different tracks from the Dee soundtrack on it.
And then in the good ending, you actually get a longer trailer for the original version of Dee 2, which started off as a 3DO game and then was completely scrapped and reworked for the Dreamcast.
So, the game scored pretty well.
Sega Saturn Magazine gave it an 83 saying that it was extremely creepy and terrifying despite having almost no bloodshed.
It was pretty well received all over the place and they said that it was even better than some of the other puzzler adventure games because it had a really enticing story.
And the full motion video graphics were pretty hardcore for the game.
Game Informer even said that it was magnificent in storytelling, but the gameplay was a little tedious.
So the story would make a great movie or book, but not a game.
And like I said, it sold a million copies in Japan, so that's it.
Dee.
Which I know I got a copy of this somewhere in my house.
This looks pretty intense and gross.
Yeah.
But there it is, your classic game of the week.
Dee.
Simply the letter.
There it is on the Sega Saturn.
We are going to take a quick break and come back with the second half of our show, but before we go to break, I know it's about 8 o'clock here on the west coast and you guys actually have to drive back to San Francisco tonight.
So you're going to go ahead and say goodbye to us now.
YBoyArt, it was so great to have you here.
It was great to be here.
Amy as well, I apologize for all the millennial jokes.
You don't.
You're right, I don't.
But a very happy wedding and honeymoon to you both and congratulations Mazel Tov, all that good stuff.
You need to play happy wedding during the break.
Maybe I will.
But good luck with making the games.
I look forward to multitasking whenever that happens.
Awesome.
You know, don't hurt yourself though trying to get it done. I know you're a one man operation.
Other than looking for a new place to live and other things, yeah, we have nothing going on so I'll be working on it.
Excellent.
And other things and I'll always post to yyrgames.com where the stuff that nobody reads is.
I will be posting regular updates.
And I'm very happy that you could actually be here in studio to actually sit in on an episode of OLR.
I'm really happy that you guys had me.
I actually was writing a review for OLR because I realized I never post a review on iTunes.
What?
We say every week.
Yeah, I know. I'm sorry.
It's fine. I'm just kidding.
But I was actually writing a review on the way here on the plane and I said when you listen to a podcast regularly, it feels like you're getting to know the hosts.
But with Orange Lounge Radio, you can actually get to know the hosts because of all the different forms of audience participation that you guys trumpet, not just offer.
And well, I guess this is just the ultimate form of audience participation right here.
Here I am sitting in the studio part of the show.
So it was really, really awesome to be here.
Which is almost everyone says when they do cross the line and get to see the studio for the first time, almost everybody says it is not what I thought it would look like.
You said the same thing.
Yeah, I mean, I guess I imagine something slightly different, but not too different.
It works.
Yeah, no, it works.
It works very well.
Compared to the last space we had, which is the little apartment, this is a dream.
And the fact that Alan lets me get away with this and have this and do this is amazing.
There's no longer a show me that sits on your feet, though.
No, I do miss that, but I do have a Sanrio that hides in the closet and will come out and scream for treats once the show's done and everybody leaves.
I can vouch for this. We've seen no sign of Sanrio.
She's in the closet in the very back bedroom, like the complete opposite corner of the house.
Or under the bed.
No, I looked when I took a potty break. She's in the closet.
No offense taken, I would hide from me too.
All right, well, again, a big thank you to you, because I know you were coming to San Francisco from some other stuff, but you still took the two-hour drive from Frisco on a busy weekend to be here with us here at OLR, and I really, really deeply appreciate it.
I would do it again. I would do it again.
And you are more than welcome to anytime.
You know what, we'll see if the calendar is kind, because a lot of times we fly back on Sundays.
Sure.
But if the calendar is kind as it was this time, you know, Memorial Day and all, then maybe we'll do it again.
Well, in the meantime, I look forward to seeing you at MAGFest 2017, which I am fully planning on attending, and that is in part to the constant pressure that folks like you and SSJ100Matt and all the East Coasters put on me, saying, you really need to fucking go to this con already.
I did, and I love it, so I'll see you next year.
That's fantastic. Fantastic, absolutely, and it'll be great to have you again.
All right, look forward to it. YYR, everybody, thank you for being here.
Thanks for having me.
All right, check them out, yyrgames.com, not yyr, yyr.game, but I'll explain that later in the show.
All right, we're going to take a quick break. We will be back with more rapid-fire news, the Fuqua Question of the Week, and more when we come back, here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 643 of our show, already in progress.
YYR has left the building with his new wife, Amy. They're on their way back to San Francisco.
But if you're just joining us, be sure at some point to check out the podcast feed for a fun first half of the show, and very explicit, thanks to YYR's filthy mouth, honestly. No, I'm just kidding.
I am loving this thing that I put in my mouth.
Oh, yes, you went and had another one of those donut muffins, didn't you?
Yes, I did, and I really shouldn't because I have a corset to fit in, but I don't care.
It's a long weekend.
It tastes like a fucking churro.
I realized during the break, I never did crack open the bottle of wine I was going to have tonight, even though we had the company and everything.
But then I thought, maybe I'll want to go out and play Ingress later, I don't know, so I should probably save the liquor for another week.
I'll wait. Maybe when Shane comes back and I have the sweet wine that he will drink the entire bottle.
We'll have a fun show that week or something.
But we're having a fun show tonight, aren't we?
One thing I do want to make sure I plug before we get into rapid fire news tonight is that last week on the show, I briefly talked about during my gaming week
that I had ridden the new Mass Effect ride at Great America, Mass Effect New Earth, but I didn't really talk a lot about it because I knew a video was coming.
That video is now up, so if you are not subscribed to our YouTube channel for VOG Network, I would point you in that direction right now.
Head on over to YouTube and look at the VOG Network channel on YouTube, and you can actually see there the most recent video we've posted is myself and, speaking of Shane,
Shane is there in the video with me doing a review of the Mass Effect New Earth ride at Great America.
So I'm hoping you guys will all check that out and see what we thought about that ride.
I'll just kind of tell you in a nutshell that I think as a Mass Effect fan, we were kind of hoping for a little more that it did just feel like kind of a generic ride layout sort of thing.
It was very kind of Star Tours, but with a lot of the Mass Effect stuff just kind of like shoved into it.
But I thought it was very interesting. One thing that doesn't come up in the video, but Alan was telling me that one of his friends went and rode it at Great America,
and basically this friend of his doesn't really play video games or understand any of that stuff, and he basically told Alan that I didn't get it at all.
I didn't understand what was happening. I didn't know what was going on. It all went over my head. So kind of interesting.
But I don't think the ride was bad by any means. As a Mass Effect fan, you were hoping for a little more, but I guess it's something while we wait for the new game to come out.
But if you want to find my full thoughts and Shane's full thoughts, go check out the review on our YouTube channel at VOG Network and some other random stuff from around Great America as well we threw in just for fun.
And Bobby's reminding us you want to stay to the very end of the video just because. That's right. We're like a Marvel film at this point.
Stoppy says, just subscribe. Shit, you guys need more subs. Yeah, we do. Thank you for subscribing. I appreciate that.
Granted, we haven't done a whole ton of YouTube content, but it is something you'll notice this year we've probably done way more than we've done any other year,
and that's probably going to be a trend that keeps continuing. Bobby and I are always throwing ideas out there. Just you wait for Dragon Con. That's going to be one big one for sure.
So anyhow, let's move on. We've got to get to some rapid fire news, Fugu Quest of the Week, your calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype in just a little while. But first, rapid fire news. Loki.
So there was a trailer that was, or I should say an announcement, that Dragon Quest Builders will be coming to North America this fall.
And if you're not familiar with Dragon Quest Builders, it's kind of like a voxel survival game, much like Minecraft, but with a lot of RPG elements because it is Dragon Quest.
It looks interesting. I'm not sure if it's like tower defense as well, but it looks like you do end up building some different towns and stuff and exploring right at my wheelhouse, so you may have to check it out.
So that should be coming around this fall to console, I'm assuming. And then they've announced the games with gold for June.
So if you have an Xbox One or Xbox 360 with Xbox Live Gold, then you're able to get these games. Goat Simulator for Xbox One, and that's going to be the full month of June 1st through June 30th.
And then the crew will be available from the later half of the month to the second or the half of July. So that's from June 16th to July 15th.
And then on Xbox 360, Super Meat Boy, as well as XCOM Enemy Unknown, and that's going to be available. Super Meat Boy the first half of the month, XCOM the second half.
No word on PlayStation yet, so it'll be interesting what's coming out for them.
And then finally, there's going to be a new expansion coming to Grand Theft Auto Online for Grand Theft Auto 5. It's the Crime Boss, I guess, was it Future Adventures in Finance and Felony.
So you can actually be like a crime boss in this. You're able to basically have underlings that can go do different missions for you.
So whether that be to like, you know, ship drugs or to, I don't know, kill people, you can do that.
You also get a special high rise office or special warehouse that you can base your central command out of.
And that'll be coming, I guess, 2016, June 7th. So, I don't know, maybe I'll have to check it out.
Alright, going to get sucked back into Grand Theft Auto all over again.
I mean, I kind of wish I would, but I haven't yet.
Alright, let's talk about DJ Max Encore. Yeah, another DJ Max game, which I believe, didn't we just talk about a PlayStation 4 release of DJ Max last week? I think we did.
Now we also have a DJ Max Encore apparently on the way for the Nintendo 3DS.
And this is something that's being shown from Rising Star Games at London's MCM Comic Con. They actually have it all set up.
What's interesting about it though is it's on a new 3DS. Oh god, I hope this doesn't end up being a new 3DS exclusive or I'll be really upset.
But yeah, that's something that's being shown at the London Comic Con that's going on right now.
Apparently the top screen is used for the background animation and video playing, but the notes and details are on the lower screen, which you use left, up, and right, and Y, X, and A to hit the notes in the different lanes.
So, DJ Max fans, I'm sure will be happy about that.
For those of you that are Wii U owners and are big fans of Virtual Console, you'll probably be excited to know that Star Tropics is now available on the Virtual Console.
Star Tropics is available for $4.99 on the Wii U. It just came out this past week.
I believe they also said that Star Tropics 2, which was a little more rare because it came out so late in the life of the NES. Most people had moved on to Super Nintendo at that point.
Star Tropics 2 is forthcoming, but for now you have the original Star Tropics, which is one of the few NES cartridges that I own. I actually picked that up at a flea market not even, what, six months ago.
So I love Star Tropics, so I'm very excited to see that that has made its way to the Wii U.
Sadly, without the letter that you dip into the water.
But, from what I remember of the game's release on the Wii Virtual Console, the code you need is in the online manual, so don't forget to check there.
Or, it's pretty much all over the internet. Or, it's 747.
Alright, moving on. Lego Star Wars The Force Awakens has announced its season pass.
And usually when you hear about season passes, you go, oh god, how much more money am I going to have to dump on this game, paying $100 when the game releases.
Well, guess what? There's some good news. Even though, yes, Lego Star Wars The Force Awakens does have a season pass, it's only going to be a $10 season pass.
Which is much more realistic and, you know, exciting, I guess, to talk about, because with the $10 season pass will be three level packs and five character packs.
If you want to wait and buy it individually, the level packs will be $3 each. So, you know what? Compared to the $50 season passes, the $40 season passes, I'll take it.
So there you go. DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, we have some Hello Kitty stuff. Yes, Hello Kitty is coming to Mario Maker.
Yeah. I'm going to leave that there.
Um, Zelda for Wii U will be playable at the Nintendo New York store during E3 for about 500 people.
So, Ronchon, get on it. Play it, take video, let me know how it is. Or send me a plane ticket.
And then, um, Mirror's Edge. It's going to be getting a TV series. So, it could be good, it could not be good, but there'll be lots of parkour.
And it will, uh, uh, let's see if we've got a date on it. Not a date on it, but hey, we'll see what happens.
You know what's good, though, is the, uh, Church's song from the new Mirror's Edge game. It's really, really good.
Totally good.
So, check that out, if nothing else.
Okay, let's get to the foogle question of the week. Um, if I could play the right song for the foogle question of the week.
Ah, you gotta love live radio. Mistakes and all, right?
Alright, anyway, for our foogle question of the week this week. You know, you've probably heard about the explicit creations of the internet involving Overwatch that Blizzard is trying to shut down.
We talked about it here earlier on the show. It was a lot of fun.
Ah, this had us thinking about internet creations, but of the G-rated variety, okay, because there's a lot of good stuff that comes from video games.
So, what do you think is a great fan creation that has come from a video game? Like a remix, or a fanfic, a parody Twitter.
You know, there's tons of fan things that come up from video games. What do you like?
So, ah, we're gonna go to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities to, ah, get some answers.
And Rettertainment starts us off saying, a video game fan video that stands out in my mind is the Dead Fantasy series, as well as Haloid put out by the recently departed Monty Oum.
May he rest in peace.
Fat Cylon replied over on Twitter saying, there's a video of a male Miranda from Mass Effect boning Edie. Now that's art.
Have you seen that one Dark Sakura? Yeah, neither have I. I think I skipped that.
Our old pal DMN is out there and said, Orange Lounge Revolution.
That was, do you remember that? When they did like a step mania pack that actually had all these inside joke songs from the show.
Including, um, God that remix of you just saying rah rah rah rah rah rah over and over like Max 300.
Yes, I remember.
Somebody actually made DDR steps to that.
Yes.
I remember.
I remember as well.
Ray Jeneater says, I don't know if it qualifies as G-rated since there's the occasional swearing, but my personal favorite fan creation is Red vs. Blue, created by Roosterteeth, used in the Halo games.
Each video is short, but each is funny as hell and when watched in order, they tell a fairly decent overarching storyline.
That's gone from fan creation to like Media Empire, right?
They've had a very long running podcast, if I'm not mistaken, and they're doing all sorts of videos.
They have Ruby.
Yeah, so they're, they're busy bees over there.
So yeah, but interesting to note how like a fan thing can go so big.
Very, very good point.
William Murderface says, there are a lot of Pokemon ROM hacks that are very well done and completely change the game.
If I had to just choose one thing though, it would be the Sonic Twitter, which is hilarious.
Is that really a fan thing though? Don't they, isn't that like a verified account?
I think it's verified.
Yeah, so it's not, I mean, but still it's hilarious. Don't get me wrong.
It's so good, it could be a fan one.
I guess that's true.
So, all right, there it is.
We didn't really get any questions or answers on Google Plus this week, but I know it was a, it was a trickier question.
But remember, if you want to answer the Fugu question of the week, you should friend us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, or you can always circle us on Google Plus.
Yes, there are still some people on Google Plus.
Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
What about you guys? Any fan creations that you guys are fans of from video games?
I'll take the easy way out. I'm going to say podcasts.
Come on, podcasts. This is a great, you know, not just us, but there's podcasts that really focus on like one particular game series and really dive into like all the specifics about it.
So I guess I'm, I'm taking the cheesy answer, but it's true. I'm inspired by the other podcasts I listen to.
Darsakra? Loki?
I would say for series that maybe are not fully developed are, I'd say directed toward one series.
Because, I mean, I really liked VG Cats.
The web comic would touch on different video game series and dedicate, you know, panels to it.
I mean, you can even look at Homestuck itself as an homage to the entire genre.
Yeah, Homestuck is, or not Homestuck, you know what I was thinking, not Homestuck.
Homestar Runner.
Is I'm thinking is kind of like,
Homestar Wanna.
It was kind of like a parody of like a lot of like internet culture, but then became a game meta.
But Homestuck also is sort of the same way too.
That's true.
Even going back into the old school like DOS games and text adventures.
Isn't it trying to become a game too?
Yeah, Hive Bents already in production.
I was going to say maybe, I don't know, I can't really, there's so many things, a lot of the mods and stuff,
but the only thing that came to my mind was dorkly.com.
I love their videos with different games.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a little Mario videos.
And Tiger Claw brings up VG Cats.com. We didn't even talk about comics.
That's what I just said.
Oh, herp derp. Sorry.
You can tell I'm multitasking behind the scenes here.
So, all right, well, let's move on.
Let's get into some more news stories, starting with Loki.
All right, let's.
So this is kind of neat.
They're adding a new mode to Minecraft.
And this is kind of, I guess, taking some hints from different mods that people have made on the PC versions.
So a lot of the things that are popular on YouTube right now with Minecraft mods are a lot of these Sky Wars or Hunger Games type mods.
So this one now is going to be this Minecraft battle.
And it's kind of like a Hunger Games type experience.
There's going to be maps that, set maps that they have that you can play on that, of course, you can buy more map packs later on for $3.
Unfortunately, you can't make your own maps, which is kind of stupid because it is Minecraft.
And fuck, I mean, that's kind of what you do.
But that's how they're treating it on console.
And I guess it makes sense if you want to actually, like, be able to sync up with people to play.
You kind of need to be all on the same type of maps.
So, whatever.
But it is going to be something that's coming to all the console versions in June.
And they're going to have a few different maps that are going to be available when it launches.
But, yeah, it sounds just like the Hunger Games type maps I've seen.
And so, I'm down. I mean, that sounds kind of fun.
That'd be kind of fun vault game night type thing.
Yeah, I'm curious about this.
And I like that they're still breathing life into this game that is, you know, pretty freaking old at this point, to be quite honest.
Yeah, kind of funny that you see them selling map packs for Minecraft.
Hey, let's get in on that DLC.
Alright, well, let's move on to a story about Street Fighter 2.
That's right, the old school Street Fighter 2.
Well, have you ever, like, watched, really watched the opening of Street Fighter 2?
And you might remember that in the very beginning of Street Fighter 2, on the title screen, there's, like, these two people that are fighting each other.
One kind of punches the other in the face, then it pans up, you know, Street Fighter 2.
We always thought they were two guys from the first Street Fighter.
Right, and that's actually a common urban legend.
And the fact is, those guys don't actually exist in Street Fighter 2.
Like, they didn't use characters that were actually in the game.
But, yeah, there's a popular fan fic, or whatever you want to say, is that they were actually characters from the original Street Fighter game.
Especially since they look just like them.
Well, here's what's interesting. Capcom has confirmed that these two fighters that are in the crowd at the beginning are Max and Scott.
And they've actually given them bios with Street Fighter 5 logos.
Could these characters be DLC in Street Fighter 5?
Kind of going back and revisiting these two characters that have been a part of Street Fighter lore without necessarily being in the game.
Here's the barrel. Here's the bottom. We're scraping it.
Oh, I thought you were going to actually say, here's the barrel, because there was that one bonus level in Street Fighter 2 where you actually broke barrels.
It should be the car. We'll go the whole fighter's megamix round, or, fighter megamix way and just have the actual car and the barrels be.
I'm sorry, then again, then we'd be playing Tekken, I guess, at that point.
Well, the car and the barrels did come back in Street Fighter 4. I don't know if you remember that.
But the whole bonus round in Street Fighter 4 is that. So, there is that, for what it's worth.
Kaijuto in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, these guys look too dorky to be real Street Fighters.
Well, they can be a little dorky and still be muscley and someone you don't want to punch you in the face.
They're more Fight Club than Street Fighter, to be honest.
Ah, I like that comparison. That's kind of dorky.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, there's a game that, well, it was an April Fool's joke, really.
It was called Catgirl Without Salad.
And it was supposed to be, as they said, a game that combines elements from several gaming genres,
including puzzler, platformer, shmup, action shooter, adventure strategy, fighting rhythm, arcade horror,
tactical RPG, TPS, RTS, and visual novel.
Of course, it was an April Fool's joke.
But, thanks to the Humble Monthly Bundle, it's going to be a real game and included with it for those who are subscribing.
So, yeah, the joke with its massive, well, it's a decent sized fandom, is going to be true, thanks to WayForward and Humble Bundle.
So, if you beg for something enough on the internet, sometimes you'll get what you want.
Not that that should encourage everybody, but there you go.
You know what even gets you what you want quicker? Start a petition.
Yeah, go to change.org immediately.
Change.org, real change is happening there.
That's right, real change.
Out of curiosity, do they have statistics on how many changes they've actually made?
Has anything actually changed from change.org?
Sometimes it's hard to say.
Well, I always get change.org confused with the White House petition website, which is technically different.
But the White House does respond, I guess they have to or whatever, to anything that gets above.
I think they had to change the number. I think it was 25,000 signatures at one point, but they bumped that up because something really stupid got through.
Death Star.
Was that it? Like, build a Death Star?
That was one of them.
So something really stupid got through is they bumped it up to 100,000 on the White House site.
Alright, that'll stop them.
Yeah, that'll teach them.
The internet, there's not 100,000 people on here.
Yeah.
Alright, let's move on, Loki.
So, kind of going back to how we were talking about rumors about new Microsoft consoles, here's something that maybe has been leaked out by the ESA.
According to E3 2016's official website, there is a category for Xbox One virtual reality.
But what? They haven't talked about Xbox One virtual reality. That's not a thing.
Could it be now? Could it be that this is an announcement? Or could it be just someone boned it so bad that they think that the Sony system is an Xbox One?
Who knows?
To be fair, a lot of people have called HoloLens VR.
People have called it that, even though it's augmented reality and there's a difference.
But let's be real, most people that aren't necessarily tech-oriented, although you would expect E3 would be tech-oriented, but considering they use Alexa rankings to...
You know what? I'm not going to go down that road.
But, yeah, I mean, I think it's more that mistake, that somebody is just simply thinking HoloLens is VR when it's really not.
I don't think so, but included on the list of companies, there's actually some third-party companies that are listed under that category.
Maximum Games, Rebellion, Readily Information Company, which that's a stupid name, and 3D Rudder.
So, of course, Maximum Games, they have the farming simulator and WRC series.
Rebellion is the team behind Battlezone 98 Redux and the Sniper Elite series.
And then 3D Rudder, who the fuck knows that? It's a controller for your feet.
I would expect that maybe Microsoft is going to step it up with the HoloLens, that maybe that's something...
No. I think they're going to just add Oculus support.
It's ready to go. HoloLens is not ready to go.
HoloLens, also on top of that, is fucking expensive. Well, the dev kit's fucking expensive.
So, I don't think that HoloLens is going to be it. I think that it's going to be Oculus support.
That would certainly be another feather in Oculus' cap that it would work on Xbox and PC.
Right. And, I mean, yeah, definitely that does, for me, that's like, oh, hey, I could use this on a console that I don't own, or PC I don't own that runs the spec.
So, I mean, it's still, though, if I do end up having one of those, then that's kind of a nice thing. I don't know.
A HoloLens would be nice at some point, once it gets down to the price point that I want it to be, and it's actually operating how they show the videos show it.
Not that little, like, tiny little window inside it.
All right. Well, there are more websites out there with more names than you might be used to.
I think everybody's kind of used to the fact that, like, almost everything out there is dot com, dot com.
Dot com is, like, synonymous with the web, even though surely there are sites that are dot net, dot gov, dot org.
You know, we're used to a little bit some of these other ones, but there is even more out there now.
The people that run these different top-level domains and so forth, this got opened up some time ago, right?
And now you have more stuff. Like, I think a controversial one was dot xxx, right?
Well, that was a long time ago.
It was a little while ago, but they just recently opened up to the public dot game.
It joined some other custom domains that have just, that have been opening up the past couple of years.
Dot beer, dot NYC, and so forth. So, dot game is now available.
Now, we were joking a little bit about this with YYR while he was here because he was actually looking up,
oh, how much would it cost me to register YYR dot game?
Because usually, you can get a domain, like a dot com, you can get a dot com up and running for, like,
Ten bucks.
Yeah, ten bucks, fifty bucks tops, right? Depending on what site you go through.
Okay, for Aaron to get YYR dot game was, like, sixteen hundred dollars.
Because I guess dot game, well, A, that's a three letter domain name, so it's considered premium.
And dot game is considered some type of premium domain.
So, even for him to get YYR games dot game was, like, four hundred bucks.
Even to get a site like you just lost the dot game, which we have joked about getting,
which now some asshole who hears this is going to get it, who has more money than we do.
But that site's going to set you back three hundred fifty, four hundred bucks, depending on what service you go through.
So, I mean, these are premium prices for this.
Apparently, early access opened up last week, and almost every major studio,
Nintendo, EA, Microsoft, Blizzard, Starcraft, Diablo for those Blizzard properties and so forth,
have all been snatched up as part of this.
And I have to admit, I'm kind of confused why, because I don't think a website dot game,
like, you know, go to Blizzard dot game, I don't think it really has that same effect that dot com has in our culture.
We're not at that level where we just hear dot and we think, oh, it's the web.
You know what I mean? Does that make sense?
Yeah.
I kind of think, like, if we were to go out, oh, our website is Nintendo dot game, like, people are...
Thank god they don't have emojis in URLs yet.
Dot poop emoji.
Yeah, it's not poop emoji.
Hey, Bobby, can we register vog dot poop emoji?
But enough people out there have a hard time remembering that if you want the White House's website,
you got to go to whitehouse dot gov, because if you go to whitehouse dot com, I think it's porn, or it's something else now.
It used to be, I think.
It used to be porn, but I think it's something else now.
So, I mean, you know, people have a hard time remembering that type of stuff.
Let's find out.
Brad from Pod Culture says, pod culture started as a dot net until I was finally able to snatch it when a squatter let it lapse.
Yeah.
Brad from Pod Culture also suggests buying just tooka dot poop.
Why not?
Yeah, whitehouse dot com, it goes to nothing.
Just a squatter website now, right?
Just basically a page with the White House on it, but yeah, it doesn't go anywhere.
It's not the actual White House website, so.
Redertainment in Chat says, why are they selling it? Because people will buy it.
Yeah, and these websites aren't cheap.
I almost feel like Nintendo and all these companies kind of got fleeced out of 300 bucks a pop for these domains.
Did they actually register that?
Yeah.
I'm never using that URL. I'm just saying.
I know, because everybody's so used to dot com.
Nintendo has Nintendo dot com. It's just, I don't know, it just seems a little weird.
I have darksakura.com and I'm happy with that.
Yeah, I mean, you know, unfortunately, I don't think we were able to get vog.com or even, I don't know if we have vog.net.
I don't think we do, because obviously a three letter domain is going to be very, very, very hard to get.
So, but I believe there is now a dot network, so I don't know.
But you know, you know.
Vog.net is for sale.
Yeah, gee, how convenient.
But I think, you know, we've just marketed it as vognetwork.com and people kind of get that if you say it enough times.
You know, we don't have to necessarily have all these other website names except for, because of Travis Donovan,
when Understadation Live, rest in peace, was on the air, he always used to say the vognetwork.com.
And so Bobby actually went and registered the vognetwork.com.
But I think he finally let that lapse.
So, alright.
Anyway, we're going to move on.
I don't think we'll be registering any game domains anytime soon.
Not at that price.
Maybe the price will come down once the new car smell wears off, I don't know.
But certainly not now, that's for damn sure.
We are going to get to the mailbag.
Or we would get to the mailbag.
But, unfortunately...
I think it's dead.
Yeah, DarkSakura went into the mailbag and found that it's...
I'm checking it again.
Empty.
Unless YYR made good on his threat to email us.
Yeah, there's one.
Oh, is it from YYR?
Yeah.
Of course it is.
Hello, LR, this is me, talking to myself.
Sort of.
Hugs and kisses, Aaron YYR.
Thank you.
Yeah, he overheard me saying earlier in the show the mailbox was empty.
So I think he is.
Now it's empty.
There it is.
You can send us an email if you'd like.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but you know, you got to use it.
So participate at...
Use your words!
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
You know what, just send us...
You know what you could do?
Write an X-rated fanfic starring your favorite video game characters.
No.
They do that anyway.
I thought you were going to say like starring your favorite hosts and I'm like...
No!
No, that's awkward.
Do you know?
Do not.
Do you remember Evan?
Of course I do.
He wrote one.
What?
I asked very, very, very well worded and to the point, don't put me in it.
Here's what you do to those people that are making those pornographic game fan videos
or whatever.
You just take the people that are making them and you put them in a pornographic fan video
that CG created.
There you go.
How very meta.
Alright, so...
Eye for an eye.
Send us your...
Send us your mails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Well, since we didn't get any emails this week, what a...
Well, I mean, we got one, but come on, he was here.
We have a real good excuse to do the FUs of the Week.
FU to those delicious, delicious monstrosities in that bag over there.
Oh my God.
Yell me out.
Also FU to having to work tomorrow.
Because an FU to getting E6000 stitchless all over my fingers and having to unglue my
fingers.
But it's all worth it for the purse.
No one can see that.
Well, but you will be planning on walking into a club purse first eventually at some
point.
Yes, I know.
Alright, moving on.
Loki.
FU not having air conditioning for a week.
Especially now it's getting hot, so we are starting to notice it.
There's no real way to cool off the house, so that kind of sucks.
But, hopefully, we've got it narrowed down to two people that are going to do the work,
and they'll do it on Wednesday, so it won't be much longer.
And then FU to these Final Fantasy XI private servers, which are a pain in the ass to get
the fucking work.
It's just...
I think partially it's Windows 10's problem.
Where it's firewalls like, I know you told me to let them go through, but I'm making
my own decisions.
I'm the grown up here.
By the way, just as punishment, I'm going to upgrade your computer again.
I don't, you know, to be honest, I have no problems with Windows 10 aside from the updates
where they're just like, eh, we're doing it.
You know, hey, we forced our way onto your system, although I did allow them to.
Because I had Windows 8, and I consider anything other than Windows 8 much better.
But, yeah, their updates, it's like, hey, we're just going to do it.
Oh, hey, you're in the middle of something?
We're fucking updating.
Alright, my FU of the week.
I don't really have anything.
I mean, I got birthday presents last night.
How can I be upset?
And I've had a pretty kickass weekend, so I can't really be sad.
I guess my FU of the week would go to the fact that I really need to buckle down and dye it.
Like Dark Sakura, I want to fit into a core set by Dragon Con.
But, okay, well, maybe it's not really like an actual core set.
But there might be cosplay I want to do, and I really need to get rid of a little bit of this dad bod.
And it is really hard when somebody puts a creme brulee cheesecake slice right down in front of you.
I mean, just, it's hard.
The struggle is real.
And then now we have donut muffins.
Oh well.
Let's get to a couple more stories, and then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or a username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
But first, Loki!
Alright, so this is kind of cool.
Something I was hoping that it would actually finally come out at some point.
And it is!
Well, at 4, the console mods are coming very soon.
In fact, Xbox Ones are going to be available on May 31st.
And they've already got a cool list of mods that are going to be supported by it, including...
Well, there's one that you can actually craft cats, and then there's one, apparently, that you can also eat cats.
So, it's both.
But yeah, lots of cool mods that you can actually add to the game.
Apparently, though, there's a size limit for the mods you can download.
It's restricted to 2GB.
And that extends to all mods, even if they're not currently enabled.
So, lots of cool mods.
I think a lot of them aren't going to be that big in size, but it's nice to see that this is going to be available.
And I'm very excited once PlayStation 4s are going to be available, which is going to be at the end of June.
So, that'll probably get me to go back to Fallout, for sure.
I know Alan loves his mods, and he's been playing Fallout 4.
But console mods! I mean, come on, this hasn't been done since Unreal 3?
Or, yeah, Unreal 3, I think, on PlayStation 3, where they enabled console mods on the PlayStation.
I will say that I have managed to mod an Xbox 360 version of Mass Effect.
Not add content, at least, but be able to use content hidden in-game using my save file converter.
Save file modding, right?
Yeah. But it's all stuff that was just code hidden, but nothing to add to it.
Still poking around where you're not supposed to be.
Well, some people like when you poke them.
You can turn dog meat into a feline companion. That's one of the mods.
You can turn it into a cat.
This would be called cat gut.
Alright, well, one more story for you guys.
Who's excited about the Warcraft movie coming out on June 10th, I believe, here?
A tenth of me is.
So, here's the deal. Like a lot of big movies, the movie has already come out overseas.
It's already playing in Europe and some other parts of the world.
And with that means some of the critic scores are coming in, and guess what?
It's getting dragged. It's not doing very well with the critics.
Apparently, yeah, the critics are not.
Do the critics just not understand it?
I'm thinking it's something like that. Let's see.
I do want to point out these are not necessarily critics in the UK.
Technically, it's May 30th when it opens, but with the time difference, I think it actually is May 30th over there now.
So, some of these are from the US.
But The Wrap gave it one star saying,
Imagine Battlefield Earth, right there, that's a slam,
without the verve and you get this sludgy, tedious fantasy adventure,
a fun-starved dud that's not even unintentionally hilarious.
Let's see, Variety, you guys know that publication, right?
Let's see, talking about all the extensive CGI and visual.
It's dispiriting to think about the time, energy, planning, and precision that went into Warcraft
when the final product brings to mind those animated advertisements for iPhone games.
Ouch! And the movie doesn't even have Mariah Carey.
I added that part in.
Now, The Guardian gave it two stars saying,
There's a lot going on and yet we're never quite engaged with it.
In Lord of the Rings, we have the Shire, The Hobbit's idyllic pastoral realm
as an image of what everyone was fighting for.
Here, we barely see Azeroth outside the Royal Castles and the Wizard's Towers in epic battlegrounds.
So, apparently it's not doing so well.
But, critics!
Do they really know what they're talking about? Not necessarily.
But, I think we're all setting the bar pretty low right now if we're gonna spend the money to go see the movie.
We'll see.
Alright, what do you guys think? Should we open up the Skype line? I think we should.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call.
Tigerclaw actually mentions here,
Obviously, these critics have never played the games.
To be fair, if the movie is to be successful, they will need to lure in an audience that has never played the games.
There's only so many people that have played the games.
Which is what? Okay, granted, it's 13 million worldwide, but, you know, at 15 bucks a movie ticket.
Okay, well, I mean...
It's still only gonna be less than 200 million.
That's cool, and 13 million people worldwide, then I hope that those people actually go see the movie then.
If that's what they're banking on it to be successful.
Which they may or may not. We'll see.
Again, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call.
And, we're getting a call right now, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Ragenator.
Hi, Ragenator. How's it going? Nice mod you're using to call us, by the way.
Where Ragenator is appearing as a dragon, which I've seen that thing on...
Tiger Claw uses that, too. I've seen that on Steam.
Yeah, it's Facebook, actually. It's one of the few apps I've bought through there.
Yeah, it's cute. What's on your mind tonight?
Just a totally random question.
Now, I can't speak for the rest of the audience, but I know at least the three of you tend to hit...
...play and buy games through multiple storefronts on PC, be it Steam, obviously, Origin, or what have you.
And, now that being said, I think the two most popular ones out there right now happen to be Steam, obviously, and God.
And one thing I've noticed is that there's a certain amount of overlapping what games are being sold on both platforms.
And I was wondering, do the three of you have a hard time picking which platform to buy the games on for one reason or another?
To give an example, Steam is notorious for the sales, and they also make it easy to download and install mods.
Whereas, GOG tends to have digital access and the Steam versions of a given game may not necessarily have.
Like, for example, soundtracks and whatnot.
Yeah, I gotta admit, it really depends on what's being sold in the package.
That's a big part of it and, of course, the price is big as well.
But sometimes, I don't always necessarily see Steam as a store as I necessarily see it as a method of delivery.
And what I mean by that is that Steam, in some ways, is trying to be a console experience on your PC.
If you boot up big picture mode, that's literally what it is.
It's a console on your PC. That's what Steam is in a lot of ways.
And the reason why I say that is that I also find one store that I use an awful lot that you didn't name is the Humble Store and the Humble Bundle, right?
And all that. But what does Humble really give you?
Steam keys! And what do other places give you, like Amazon and stuff, where I've also bought games?
Steam keys! So it's interesting that Steam is not always the store as it necessarily is a method of delivery.
So I think because Steam has penetrated, like, you know, you don't buy GOG codes on Steam, on Humble Bundle or any of that stuff.
I think because Steam has managed to become not just a store but a delivery mechanism, I think that's what's kind of put it out in the lead above some of these other options.
But, I mean, I've used others in the past as well. I had used Desura at one point before, well, we all know what happened there.
But I suppose itch.io, or as I call it, itch.io, is starting to fill some of that void a little bit.
And then Origin as well, which, you know, I know that website got a lot of shit in the early years, and rightfully so.
But Steam got a lot of shit in the early years, and rightfully so.
And Origin's come a long way. I know I'm going to have to suck it up and deal with it if I want to get Mass Effect Andromeda on the PC.
Which seems like, I kind of don't know where I'm at with the Mass Effect thing because, like, I kind of want to get it on PlayStation 4 because all of my, well, PlayStation 4 is kind of my quote-unquote main console now.
But I also have an Xbox One, and I did play Mass Effect, the original trilogy, on Xbox 360.
I know it's not going to import my saves, so I don't know. I really don't know. I have a lot of questions to answer.
But I know that if I do want to get it on PC for the multiplayer, I think that's what's going to come down to. Where are all my friends from multiplayer?
I'll probably end up having to use Origin.
Now, as a follow-up to what you were saying before, this is kind of a half-question, half-point.
But could you make the argument that Cup of Bowls is not really a store per se, because saying that it's a store kind of implies that they're selling you something.
They're not so much selling you something as they are taking donations for charity and in turn giving you a thank-you gift in the form of digital books or digital game codes or what have you.
Rage, if we were only considering the side of it that did the bundles, then I would agree.
But don't forget that Humble also has a storefront, and you can pick and choose the individual games that you want.
And they run their own sales, and I'm giving Humble Bundle my credit card information when I process that.
So I think in that regard, and I do think they still give like 10% to charity or something like that.
So I mean, yes, there's that going on, but they do have that more traditional storefront in addition to the bundles. Don't forget about that.
Yeah, true. By getting back to my initial question, the best overwhelming majority of my games happen to be through games.
God knows my library is kind of all ridiculous, but at the same time, I never noticed that game X, Y, or Z happens to be on good old games.
Even though I already have it on Steam, if I see such and such a game, like let's say just a pixel thing off the top of my head, let's say Out of World Games Odyssey,
I notice that, hey, you know what, this version comes with wallpapers and the soundtrack.
I love video game soundtracks, even though I already got this on Steam, might as well get the God version just for shits and giggles.
Especially if it's only a couple bucks. It makes it very easy to justify that sort of thing.
Exactly. Not only that, but since it's VR on a free, God forbid, my computer takes a nose dye for whatever reason, and I have all my God games backed up onto external hydride, not so much of a problem, you know?
Yeah. Hey, one other thing I want to throw out there before we let you go, speaking of storefronts, one that I didn't mention yet, but I think is definitely worth mentioning is the Windows 10 store.
You know, and as much as we might kind of snicker a little bit at that, you know, because a lot of the games that are being sold on the storefront right now are very similar to what you'd get on your iPhone and all this stuff.
I think it's worth mentioning, why does Microsoft so badly want to upgrade you to Windows 10 for Windows 7 and 8 and all this stuff?
Because that store is injected so easily right into, as part of the seamless desktop experience.
And if you are a Microsoft gamer on Xbox to begin with, a lot of those games that are in the storefront do offer those achievements and some of those other perks.
And let's not forget, Microsoft does own Minecraft, so there's that whole thing as well, and that's going to be a big game, and that is something that you can get on the Windows 10 store or what have you.
Not to be a party pooper on Microsoft, but you would think that after their failed attempt with games for Windows Live, they were willing to lessen.
I mean, you know, granted, like you said, people kind of poo-pooed on Steam when they first came out, but people were kind of going to love Steam.
I mean, that's pretty much the 800-pound grill in the room, you know?
I mean, it's going to be kind of hard for most stores to compete with Valve and their Steam sales.
I'd kind of liken it to competitors of Nintendo, like Sega, when it comes to handhelds, way back in the day.
The original Game Boy was the 800-pound grill in terms of handhelds, and most other handhelds kind of flopped, whether you're talking about the Game Gear or the Neo Geo Pocket, so on and so forth.
Well, some people have a lot of love for that, but I understand. It's very hard to compete with Nintendo in that handheld space.
But anyway, Rage Nator, I'm going to let you go so we can try to squeeze in about one more call before we wrap up tonight, okay?
But thanks for calling.
Sure, have a good night.
Take care of you too.
1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Checking in with Loki real quick to see if there's any last-minute stories.
Yeah, I guess there was a story about Sonic the Hedgehog, so they had that whole Sonic the Hedgehog mobile game, the Sonic Runner or whatever, and it's being shut down.
I guess it just didn't do so well for them.
Really?
Yeah, Sonic Runners is going to be discontinuing the premium currency or sales, and then the game will close down on July 27th.
Wow, okay. I remember checking that out when it first came out. I didn't think it was bad. It does kind of surprise me that they'll just shut these things down.
I mean, even if there's like only a hundred people playing it, there might still be money to be made there, but I guess if they're having to operate a server, maybe...
Was it Sega that actually put the game out, or was it like somebody... I guess it was from Sonic Team.
Yeah, it was.
I was going to say, if it's licensed, maybe they were shutting it down because they didn't want to, you know, pay the licensing again.
Yeah.
Maybe they weren't making enough money, but...
That would make sense.
If they made it, then I don't know. What's the point in shutting something down if you can possibly make some money from it?
That would make sense. One last call for calls. Orange Lounge Radio. I'll loan a word on Skype. I know our listenership is a little lower tonight because of the Memorial Day weekend. Some people are out.
Some people are watching Game of Thrones, but I do want to remind those that are listening on the podcast feed, you know, we love to hear from new people and people we didn't even know were out there listening to the show.
Please don't be afraid to lend your voice to the show. It can be as simple as a tweet. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. I know we don't always read every single tweet here on the show, but we do read them all for sure.
So you can always just let us know you're out there. We appreciate it for sure. Anything else you want to mention in the last minute stories here before we start to wrap up?
No.
No? Alright. Check it in just one more time to see if we get any calls. 1-877-GAMO-L-R or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
I do want to thank Y-Y-R for being here tonight. That was really awesome to have him out here from the East Coast.
And at some point, he wanted to play this game with me on the iPhone. We didn't get around to being able to do it tonight, but I thought I'd give it a shout out anyway because it's called Space Team.
And I've never played this, but I guess this is one of those games where you have to all kind of yell at each other to coordinate. You have to play it with at least two people, and I think up to four people.
And you have to coordinate all in one room what the others are doing. And that whole thing, it's like Bomb Corp or Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes. One of those types of games.
Or there's that other one, the Starship game that people play at cons in real life in a big room or something like that.
I can't remember the name of it off the top of my head. Maybe somebody in chat will save me there.
But yeah, I guess this game's like that. And he had me download it, but sadly, just with time, we didn't really get around to playing it.
And Space Team it is.
Alright. Well, Artemis. Is that the name of a tiger claw? That sounds right.
Anyway, it looks like nobody else is trying to call, so there it is. I guess we will close up the Skype line.
But if you want to email us for a future episode, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Meanwhile, we're going to go around and give everybody's final thoughts.
I just want to say real quick though, as always, thank you for listening to OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at the program, just tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can't let the voices out there if you're not going to use them.
Meanwhile, final thoughts. Dark Sakura, I know you got to go. You got to work early in the morning.
And not just that. The caffeine headache is kicked in.
Oh, yuck, yuck, yuck. Well, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
I retract what I said to Kaijudo because I thought you were trolling and I thought it was a very awful troll.
And you really just haven't looked into the things that you love.
If you love something, research it. That's my advice to you. Second, ow.
If you love something, fall down a wiki-hole for it.
All right. Loki, your final thought tonight?
I got to probably pick up some fans on the way home. Apparently it's like 85 in my house right now.
Oh, God. Oh, you poor thing.
Do you know the ice bucket trick?
Yeah, I tried the ice bucket trick. It does not work.
I know it's like next to nothing, but do you want to take that fan?
No, it's cool. I'm just going to pick up my own house fan.
All right, I tried.
Box fan in a window. Got us through a summer.
Box fan in a window. My final thought for the night is I have this really bad feeling I'm finally going to get suckered into getting Overwatch.
Now that I have a computer. Now that I have a computer that can run it really, really well.
And just like all my friends on Twitter are playing it.
I'll give you this contention then.
What?
Wait for the Steam sale. Because there is a Steam sale coming at the end of June.
They don't sell Overwatch on Steam. It's a Blizzard game.
Oh, that makes me think of another answer to Rage Nator's question.
The battle net is another place I get games.
Well, you're fucked.
Yep, I'm fucked.
All right. That's going to do it for another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back in seven days to do it all over again.
Have a great Memorial Day weekend.
Those of you in the States that have one more day off of work.
Thank you again to the Armed Forces and remember the reason why we have this holiday.
And a big thank you to everybody out there listening and helping the show and supporting it.
We'll see you again in seven days. Happy gaming.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.